---
id: I15
title: I15 DC Website
sidebar_label: I15 DC Website
slug: /nfas/Ideas/I15
---

## Targets

Request not yet written - dust Idea.

## Version

v0.1, dated 29 May 2022 

## Inherits

## Dependencies

## Outputs

1. [Dreamcatcher Website]


## Concept

We want to update the current [Dreamcatcher Website] in order to be presentable and understandable to Investors, Workers and those with Market Demand (with Investors who also have Market Demand being the sweet spot.  We want to:

1. Simplify the 'shop front' so that each of these groups can be sent the URL and immediately be presented with the 140 character or so pitch to all of the groups
1. Navigate to an overview aimed at their particular group, showing the key concepts they need to understand.
1. Allow deeper navigation into the process, if they want to continue, they'd be going through to contribute/participate.
1. Provide a location for a deeper yet dive into the fundamentals of both DC and Interblock.
1. Provide a location for the Dictionaries, and links from each of the terms used in the pages above, to avoid ambiguity.

## Proposed Layout

- Front Page - 
    - Provides the 'shop-front' so that each of the three groups can 
	     1. Read a very short (roughly text size) pitch about the benefit to their own group
		 1. Read a very short pitch about the benefits to all groups
		 1. Navigate to a dedicated section for groups that they're interested in.
		
	- Provides high level navigation to those who already know about DC but want to find a specific section
		 1. Search
		 1. Links to:
		 	1. Dreamcatcher Overview
		 	1. Interblock Tech
		 	1. Dreamcatcher License
		 	1. Terminology
		 	1. DRMC Pool
		 	1. Press Material
	- Highlights the main benefits overall:
			1. One blockchain for every idea
			2. Deduplication of Effort
			3. Automatic Equity
			4. Forward App Store
			5. Continuous Arbitrary Voting
			6. Trading of Equity

	- A link to Get Started, a page by page walking 'wizard' style that covers the main topics

- Dreamcatcher Overview - 
	- Provides a deeper dive into the fundamentals of DC:
		1. Dreamcatcher Charter - http://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io/docs/Dreamcatcher%20Charter
		1. Dreamcatcher Whitepaper - http://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io/docs/
		1. Inversion Currency - http://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io/docs/wp_inversion (This is likely to need to be rewriten, but it serves the purpose of showing the internal economics)
		1. App Store - http://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io/docs/wp_appstore

- Interblock Tech
	- A deeper dive into the fundamentals of Interblock:
		1. DOS Whitepaper - http://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io/docs/wp_dos
		1. Interblock - http://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io/docs/wp_interblock

- Dreamcatcher License
	- Details of the initial off-the-shelf licenses being proposed:
		1. Overview
		1. Core DPL - http://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io/docs/DPL/Core%20DPL
		1. Contracts - To be written - intro to use of Contracts
			1. Contract Example - http://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io/docs/DPL/Contract%20Example
		1. Modules - To be written - intro to use of Modules
			1. Module Example - http://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io/docs/DPL/Modules

- Terminology 
	- The location of the dictionaries.  In due course terminology used throughout the site would be linked back to specific dictionary entries, which would remove ambiguity and indicate whether some entries are no longer needed (similar to tracking complexity). 
		1. Overview - the three Dictionaries, and a section about the need for Definitions
		1. User Dictionary - This needs pruned and updated in due course
		1. Architecture Dictionary 
		1. DOS Dictionary

- DRMC Pool
	- The entry point to the only pool currently open for business.
		1. Overview and statement from pool, with nav links.
		1. Pool Process
		1. Requests
		1. Ideas
		1. Request Template
		1. Idea Template


## Actors and Actions

NB: Unsure if the previous Actors, Actions and Integration Tests make sense for a website.  Thinking about how this can be done but not doing yet so I can commit this draft.

# Integration Tests

As above NB.

## Implementation Steps

NB: Needs more work here.

1. Draft the pages for each of the groups and the funnel we expect them to take.  Ie tracer bullet the site depth first, starting with Investors.
2. Test the draft pages in the test pitches.

## Definition of Done

Done is when a member of each of the groups who hasn't seen the material yet:

1. Can reflect back to us:
	1. What the Dreamcatcher is aiming to solve.
	1. What the benefits to their group is.
	1. Why members of other groups may also find Dreamcatcher advantageous to use.
	1. How they can get involved/interact with the Dreamcatcher.
	1. What the legal structure of that interaction is for them.
	1. Be able to answer to question to one of their mates: "So what is this Dreamcatcher thing you've been looking into."

[Dreamcatcher Website]: https://dreamcatcher-tech.github.io

