>[!tip] Created: [2022-11-29 Tue 15:08]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

SeaShepherd is a direct action ocean conservation organisation with chapters in most countries.  Recently they ousted their founder due to the org shifting away from warfare and moving toward collaboration with governments instead of acts of terrorism.

Using the Dreamcatcher model, three qualities could be provided to the estranged founder:
1. Open intelligence - vast pools of remote workers developing intelligence from all possible sources.  Operations being open increases participation and funding becomes more direct and project based
2. Distribution of the org - being now a set of rules and data encoded in a tamperproof way, anyone fitting the psychographic pattern is a member.  If the robots and ships were piloted and funded remotely and by many disparate actors, who is to blame ?
3. Robot Swarm based actions - his methods were a boat and a crew, but these can be targetted by interpol and personally attacked.  A swarm of robots that float around the ocean can do extreme damage, but can also perform sensory activities, sharing this information.

This is a very useful example of asymetric warfare where the knowledge component is large.  A knowledge based org that was intent on ocean survey, with robotic devices that were swarm designed, swarm controlled, and swarm funded

Moreover, having a device switch from being peaceful to being offensive could be done in ways that protect the originators of the device.  For example, if drones were for sale in a tokenized manner, where control could be rented, then the ownership can pass along with it.  So a largely peaceful effort could opt to, sometimes, sell the control of their drones or rent them out to anonymous people on the internet who paid for the privilege.

First purpose would be to survey.  Build a vast and irrefutable crowd funded and crowd gathered database of the oceans.

Second to observe and bear witness to bad actors.

Third is to fight.  The data gathering drones can be easily turned into weapons using the fuel they have on board.

A distributed law firm could engage with any agressors on the legal front, and their purpose would be to bleed these agressors of funds, due to the cost of conflict.  Mounting multiple counter offensives that cost legal resources at far higher damage cost than assault cost is another form of direct action.  It cares not what the outcome is, but only for the attrition of resources.

These legal attacks can be for matters unrelated to the seas, and can be targetted at any individuals who assist the agressors.  Each attack would also carry the public social stigma backed up by the irrefutable proof of bad actions.  These stigmas would pass on to friends and family of the agressor assistants, and be passed down through history.  No relationship should be sacred. 