>[!tip] Created: [2022-12-08 Thu 18:56]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Dreamcatcher as a set of software tools, management practices, and professional services that allow apps to be built rapidly, safely, cheaply.

Not just paying for apps by only your usage of only the code you used, but getting paid directly for this usage, at the instant it happens.

Make a complex product with transparent operation, then watch people build on top of it.

As a standalone blockchain, if taken to conclusion as best we can see it now, it might be good enough to be a solution to the general purpose blockchain problem if we're super luck.  However, it is good enough in its current form to better solve the innovation problem.  If it can cause a rate of innovation rate increase (ie: innovation on innovation rate), then that innovation power will improve this model to be the solution to general purpose blockchain.

Internet was made like a phone system with computers plugged in to it, however the ideal model is it acts like a computer, with people and things interacting with the computers.  The survivability has always been about the phone system, with each computing service left to its own devices to survive computation faults in all their forms.

Focusing on DX and BX, where BX is the business experience.

Innovating on innovation.

To pull in those struggling in the commercial world with almost popular software, and to lift up those struggling in the open source world with almost funded software.  By offering a business model to open source that aren't working yet, and commercial ones that don't have a good model, we can increase our ranks.

The only price we ask is fair attribution to all.

To build the dreamcatcher is to use it.

Multiversal applications - applications designed to operate with multiple conflicting views of reality.

Metaverse as shared imagination anchored in a shared reality.

Effort spent building a universal attribution tree is never wasted - when it eventually unfolds, that effort will be rewarded, as surely the builders of the attribution machine will themselves be attributed to.  As a form of meta attribution.  Meta-attribution is our revenue model - a fee for paying out to everyone worthy.

The app is never in an inconsistent state, and can be recovered from any point.  It is always atomic.

If you can make an unstoppable computer, then maintaining a ledger is trivial.

Chaos model of development.

The Joule as a unit of computational energy.  This can be used as a form of intrinsic value peg for a stable currency that is uncensorable but based on real value.

Blockchain gives data redundancy normalization by default.  Consistency is still the designers problem to solve, but because the chains can be shared easily, consistency between organizations is now possible.

Binary layer is by reference, Action layer is by value.

All the worlds attribution in one hash.  Making a universal attribution table for everything in existence, representing as a single hash.

Micropayments dispersals vs token inflation

Inverted Airdrops - drops to everything ever.

Will the problems of the future be solved by the behaviours of today ?

Removing servers and stock options at the same time seems easier than doing either in isolation.

Services can be guaranteed ethical but goods are a little harder.  Ethical services marketplace lets us access ethical payment for ourselves sooner than full supply chain.

The massively multithreaded world computer.
The hyperthreaded world computer.

The chain itself must not be externalized from the accounting equation - worldchain must have reflection ability, to determine its own carbon impact.

Making a truly public cloud - public to see execution, public provided resources, any language, exotic compute types (GPU, quantum)

The Dreamcatcher goal is to enable fair payments for consumption of open source.  This in itself generates a highly useful dataset.  A distributed application that incentivizes open source developement by attributing payments for consumption.

Weightless economy.  Weightless objects.

Forced attribution - if you don't have force, you don't get attribution.  This is conventional equity.  This is Empire.

A society's attribution model defines that society.  We should be able to model all the historical ones by their attribution models and cite the downfalls as being some form of inequality and inflexibility in their models.  They will have parameters like speed of information disemination, speed of recomposure based on changing data.

The metaverse terraforming the physical world.  Metaverse was always there, it was just disconnected and poorly modelled.

Morality, ethics, fairness, and transparency - decentralized ethics - supression proof platform.  This is why the Dreamcatcher algorithm must operate on the blockchain.  Finality.

The main thing we want to push is the way to find the answer, not any given answer.  As time changes, that answer can change.  Software is like an answer to a poorly asked question at first.

Darinism for contract law - SM

If you are not attributing to everyone, then you cannot complain about being treated unfairly.

Open source requires that derivative code is forced to be open, and that no payment can be forced, but that doesn't mean payment cannot be asked for.  An unenforceable ask.  We are not asking that you pay us, but that you pay all who contributed.  On behalf of all.

Proximity is Power - this is why the island is important.

There is only one DAO - one nervous system - and it has conflicts within it.

If the Packet is given autonomy, then it can find its own way thru the network of innovators.

Remixing of AI inputs seems to be the new coding - must be able to fork and then resteer the AI.

Basically any knowledge based industry not pivoting to an AI based model is doomed.

In addressing for innovation packet routing, source of a packet is the problem statement or spec, destination is the solution.

We always wanted the same thing: Algorithmic Attribution based on Contribution.

Packets turned a transaction into a thing, which allows it to carry so much more information and utility.
