
>[!tip] Created: [2023-04-04 Tue 12:26]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

SILD starts to look like what is needed for Mars, so the ability to show a metaverse version that accounts for cost and impact of all actions is required.  Also can act as a small version of what whole earth accounting can be.

Make a system to allow messages and other types of rich data to be sent to a given address, where the address definitions are based on ownership in Eth.  If you prove ownership, then you can control the DRE model of your home.

People can bid to build your home, and make equipment offers based on things you might need.

Metaverse familiar folk can spec out and order their homes from a distance.

Liquidity staking for public assets like roads - you stake into a pool that funds roads and then as it gets used, the pool earns a fee.  If you stake enough, you can get free use, or you can just pay the pool directly.  Maintenance decays the pool.  

Ultimately want to take the tooling and lessons and put them on a boat.

Component based visualization engine to allow complex operations to be added, and give a revenue stream for components.

Objects be included in multiple game interfaces - a distributed object like a sword can be used in multiple games.  So games become more like mashups.

Visualize the stake, so when people have committed funds to modules, can see that visually, so the community can participate in metaverse first, just like how things would need to be done on mars.

Authenticate NFT holders by getting their address to sign something, then keeping tally of their address.  Lets you filter comments by only legit NFT holders, or holders of a certain size / area.  Go to an SSL webpage, generate a metamask sign request, then match this to your authenticated Dreamcatcher account.  The tally is kept updated live, so if you transfer an NFT, we instantly drop it from your account properties.  Citizenship is easily verified in this way.

Supply for furnishings and everything else required for living that can be metaverse designed, pool constructed with fund commitments made before delivery, then combined shipping with constant updates.

A way to run projects in a competition / escrowed model, rather than pushing any single outcome of anything - just a principle of how to run things.

License minting - roles and responsibilities get minted as NFTs with artwork, so the org chart is defined by the relationships between the tokens that are held.  Board can reallocate the tokens with some grace period.  Access control is related to the NFT tokens.

Medical evac - pay into a pool where the pool ensures a corridor for rescue is always available.

NFT based org chart - mint tokens for the board, mint pioneer roles, show open positions.  List the compensation and measurement of that compensation.  Attribution sits ontop of this and takes in to account what people got already.  Notice period when role is being changed.  Form buckets of responsibility, and task packets build up in each bucket, or are split between them in different ratios.  The packets and the value show the pioneers contribution.

Website allowing interaciton based on NFT deed possession - currently no functionality exists.  Want engagement since that gets homes built, which creates services demand so we can get civilization working, like cheaper routes and charter planes.

Project timeline with packets being linked together to show people what to expect software wise, show the costs involved and who is paying and contributing.

Aircraft pool - all put in and earn from the purchase of a plane with a pilots salary included - plane operates on the island primarily, but also does trips elsewhere round the island with a booking app.  DAO based aircraft with NFT'd licenses and booking.  Run hangars and services on the island.

Charter air coordination with multiple travellers booking a charter to get to lugan directly.  Basically like kayak but includes private charters and multiple people with different budgets and goals.

Charter shipping boats with cranes to pull up to the island and offload.

Calendar coordination and location hinting with solutions on when everyone should arrive to meet the goals the best.  Can use for calls and chats too.

Green waste collection service

Microcontainer bus - get micro containers from any location to turn up on the island fast, and intact.

Sawmill on island

Connect with global village tool set to experiment with rapid deployments: https://www.opensourceecology.org/gvcs/ and provide metaverse design tooling and software coordination tooling.

Metaverse scoring of equipment so that spares can be rapidly mfg'd and traded.

Packets market for getting software jobs done and getting budget assigned to it.  Any contracts for work on the island should be part of a public scrutiny process.

Dashboards to measure citizen happiness.  Headcount, time to UK or other major centres, banwidth available, coverage, coffee price and time to aquire, connection with others.

Differential privacy tools for public spaces where it is full surveillance but people can be masked out of the images.

NFT any snapshot of data, with or without endorsement of the people who generated the data, and have assurances that the data will never be NFTd again.

Algo might be suggesting trading rules, like min wage, profit margin that goes to the DAO, max profit calculations.

Pooling mechanism for being able to crowd fund equipment.  Eg: a tesla battery where the funds are raised, the asset is owned by the pool, and some long term benefit is paid out to the pool owners.  Means that we can share the adventure of building out the Island.  Can make the exact same software as chartity deployments, but instead

So the Metaverse model can be applied to charity on any location - internet money in, resources coordinated in metaverse, results can be commemorated, as can requests.  People can do things for the solemn knowledge that they did some good in the world.

So the Island should support forms of ownership that can be blockchain managed, which means everyones apps can be realized, whereas they have no teeth normally.  The Island DAO enforces the blockchain state in physical state.  It is defined in blockchain state and it ensures that the real world matches the blockchain state.

KYC service using phantomcompliance, which earns a cut of trades.  Possibly a tx fee for each trade.  Bringing money in can cost a % and some goes to phantom.  This is effectively clean money at this point.  Clean crypto, exempt from taxes.  This can then become a crypto bank.  Coming in and out of the bank should cost, and going in and out of local money too.  Inside the rules of the contracts, anything goes.

Regulated chain - might not need to be our own private chain, if we use our own currencies, and  audit all contracts, which must not take funds from outside the island.

Offer regulated stable coin based on VATU.  Basically make the island a home for crypto nomads to finally be able to breath easy - desposit funds in smart contracts that we control, spend locally and trade in and out of Vatu trivially.

Retroactive STC attribution calculations.  Check out what the price was, who bought when, and what the current posture of the project was at the time.  This rewards long standing holders of the currency, and rewards those who bought high.  It recognizes the tasks that were completed using the funding from the proceeds of sale.  Run some model tx's like a coffee purchase in the metaverse, and show how the royalty flows to everyone on the island.

Generate model life in the metaverse, where agents walk around preprogrammed to behave in common ways, and purchase goods and services on the island.  Show how the transactions occur for each forked virtual world, show how regulation can occur.

Cell manufacturing system, where we have a central CNC machine purchased as a venture, and digitally designed homes, locally acquired materials.  Each home is generatively designed for different goals.  Then orders are placed, where pricing is based on paying back the original investors.  Designs are laced with smart sensors to give feedback to the iterative designs.

NFT to represent the requirements for a suitable building solution.

NFT based projects to colonize different parts of the island in different ways with pooled funds and design efforts.  Make the designs be metaverse first.  Use the current resort as a service base where staff can work and provide services to inhabitants.  Also acts as a construction facility.  Include soulbound services so all participants are kyc'd.  Picking any given solution for the island is a fallacy - we need several to see how everything works - logistics, risk appetite, living conditions, pricing.

Build mini settlements for given pricing, then sell them for profit once the risk has been handled.  So other people fund the project, we deliver, rewards are unlocked, we continue on to do the same again.  The settlement software, build techniques and designs are the part we want.  Specific instances with maintenance and expansion potential are the homes people get, for cheap, and helping local workers get paid and get skills.

Mortgage service for projects wanting to participate and then pay back debt over time, where the work done is the collateral for the project.

Precast concrete plant onsite, to make prefab bunker type buildings.