
>[!tip] Created: [2023-03-03 Fri 13:21]

>[!question] Targets: [[2023-03-02 2100 Sharding of initial fetches]]

>[!danger] Depends: 

Fundamentally, requesting one block will cause multiple related blocks to be streamed down.

This avoids RTT when pulling down trees of data.

Bitswap that also includes a children parameter, but is smart enough to not follow all children.
Should use the IPORM schema to make some links as not followable, some as children.
Allow specifying a template encoded in some block that can be used to specify the granularity of the additional blocks that are triggered to be sent.

Bitswap and libp2p are not taking advantage of using IPLD to store and communicate network related data that can improve performance.  The DHT is really a large merkle tree with sloppy views made up by large consensus with no true answer.

Sharding by sending a shard range can allow us to also open multiple transports for speed.  For example 2 websocket connections may be able to thruput faster than a single one.

## Network load distribution

## Optional plus boundaries
The plus refers to sending more than the single block the caller requested.
There are two ways to
In the case of blockchains, boundless plus would
We would also seek to not retransmit things already sent
So a light cache might

A prior CID might be sent to use as a diff base.  This can provide good bounds info in the case of blockchains. 

Sending exclusion lists as a way to avoid duplicates.  Snip everything at a particular node.