
>[!tip] Created: [2023-12-13 Wed 11:43]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

We would rent their GPUs and then run our software to resell this capacity on a jobbing basis, with the required redundancy.

Means we can learn the quirks of each individual GPU, and show how resale of untrusted hardware can be relied upon due to redundancy.  But, that this redundancy also gives reliability of result, gives good timing reliability since it races the outputs, can be moved around to suit edge workloads - move the cloud closer to the consumer - and can also be trusted due to redundancy.

Makes all runs valuable, since if you're not first, you are also checking and reinforcing.

So you'd download the dreamcatcher as an electron app, this deploys the service that keeps it running, and then you can manage everything from chain.

We can offer certified in datacentre jobbing that is used for privacy focused workloads.  Data sovereign workloads can be run in this fashion too.

Means pacakaging your app is trivial as we just bundle it up as a covenant, and then it gets deployed anywhere it needs to run.  So you publish your app and it runs any time any consume is willing to pay the fees.  This means that you need not manage hosting, it is publicly hosted where user pays, so you can publish once and leave it alone forever and it will continue to run, plus probably be forked and upgraded.  So can disappear the instant after creation and things keep running.

Get some press with some image generation running being made easy to use and per call.  Should have much higher concurrency than any central provider.  To run someones app and fork it is just fetching a bunch of stuff and providing some gpu resources.  It is the same act to run it as to host it as to fork it.
