
>[!tip] Created: [2023-05-08 Mon 16:14]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Make some kind of a competitive lab arrangement where companies can pay to be part of the lab - at the minimum they would supply their tech and pay for the build themselves.

Switcheability and open-ness is the key - eg: for a POS system, it must be able to integrate with many different front ends, and each front end must handle multiple different backends / chains.

So basically a bus that connects everything reduces the interconnect requirements.

No vendor lock in.
Rapid switchability.
Experimentation is required.
Interop is required.
Citizen Centric is the key.

Comparators for different solutions to compare them all on an open stage.

There is a business opportunity to sell lab spots on the island - it is valuable to a technology to have a place in the network on the island, and to operate in the metaverse.  Need a way to harness all the creativity and energy that the island will attract.

If we publish our requirements, and make these open, then inbound requests can fill out the form to compare themselves in this standard way.  We will supply resources to integrate you with the island, but this will cost, however it will be at market rates, and you can do it yourself, you just need to pay for one of our QAs to cert the work before it can increase in readiness level.

Make our own tech readiness level pipeline, and show implementation timelines, budgets, etc - show companies how they can make things go faster by providing money or expertise.

So we map out our requirements, and when they will be required 

? Can we show the need for an island wide bus ?

I want a home in the Venture Island, which should be the most technologically advanced place on earth, with a blockchain core.

Pioneer onboarding paths need to be clear.

Dream management - protect the lab, all else is permitted.   Need to manage and nurture the inrush of companies wanting to demo and build their products on the island so they can have a real world use case.  The lab needs protection by:
1. Protecting citizen privacy
2. Sharing rewards fairly with all lab participants
3. Always allowing concurrent solutions to interact with the same resource
4. Metaverse first deployment with load simulation

Describe the lab by a series of scenarios:
1. POS system that can take a payment off a cellphone for a coffee with near zero tx fee and offer finality instantly even with the internet disconnected

Make a list of core commitments made to the community.

We can make a lab that exports products to the world as a testing ground and a competitive arena to compare.  Be in charge of exports for the island - the lab and the exported software and services should be centrally controlled.  Exports are tested infrastructure software.

Try to be the system bus of the island - every system can integrate with the island thru this bus.  All user data is managed by this bus to ensure privacy.  Need DAO approval to even request access to private data.

Calendar-geolocation-intentions thing - part of the metaverse efforts that lets us find each other in space and time, so we coordinate travel and other meet ups.

Metaverse simulate water level rises, and nuke blasts - basically a full physics environment.  Simulate rainfall, expected catchment, erosion, drainage.

Mapping app: link the GPS trail chain to a citizenship NFT for verified ownership.  If we lean on ETH as security and ultimate ownership, then DRE can be experimental in nature but still used in a serious fashion.  So a website where you sign a tx that links your ETH wallet with DRE root chain, then we can use this for account recovery

If Ambient Attribution is provably decentralized, then anybody can use it as a revenue projection and not be a security.  If you rely on a single entity to get your contribution into a position where it can be utilized by others and receive AA, then that could be a security if you did not participate in its progress.
If DAO vote is enough to get members sued in court, then surely it is enough to be classed as participation, and therefore not a security ?

Make a list of anti-things - we do not want a bunch of lawyers and accountants - it should all be software only.

Inventory for the island - allow anyone to mint NFTs representing any physical goods they bring on to the island.  Makes it easy to pool resources where you can borrow things digitally or at least know they are present on the island.

Community discourse where they say what they want to contribute to the project.  They need to feel like they're building something, even if it is just debating issues and finding consensus.

Decent stablecoin backed by mortgage and timeshare arrangements that are available on chain via pooling.  Get a mortgage lender in to bankroll the development.  VC backing of the module construction company.  Stablecoin that you can trade openly, and it is backed by assets on the island while earning interest or capital gains is a great place to park money.

Get the modules manufactured locally in a factory, preferrably on the island itself.

Merge with other projects in the space - identify their similar needs.  They must surely be having developer issues, try get the DreamEther system working with them.

Postal service for the island, which is purely digital.

Org chart NFT mint station controlled by DAO.
Also mint any kind of award, which can be attached to packets.
Mint 'likes' where the DAO likes a proposal, but cannot afford to fund it.

Describe model for the DAO to vote and fund packets.

Add to the regulation based model implicit NDAs or some kind of base code of conduct for interactions.

Laser tag game played on the island and mirrored in metaverse.  Use cellphones as the guns, have metaverse players that can run around the island and can only be seen using the AR on the phones.  Physical players are the most powerful, but they are slow to move.  Play with full AR headsets like quest pro.  Set up some equipment like boxes to hide behind and play tag games.  Simulate beach landings and have turrets and armaments in AR with simple real world models like a chair with a swivel.  Generate the players using AI models and the gameplay using a Dojo.

Simulation of a city builder for any type of city.  Unreal engine that lets you model all kinds of citizen type of interactions.  Not specific to our island, but can be used to model your local street.  Can model things based on some photos or some videos.

Voting with an AI agent that always defends your interests.  Means you don't have to keep abreast of all developments and plans, but this agent will also ensure your voice is heard.  Set bounds, like encroachments on your views, some other metrics you care about, and your vote kicks in when some of these qualities are diminished.
## Importing modules
If each person had to KYC to pay for the module, then why not use their name to import the module anyway, avoiding SI doing anything ?

If the modules were set up in a test lab in the UAE, then they would be shipped in as second hand goods, and possibly exempt from much of the duties.


## Raising
Lots of people want the project to go ahead, so we need to get some extra capital.  We should list out the tasks we need done, and put some limited funds against it, and allow others to put into it.
For those people putting in cash and resources early, they should at least get recognition by way of NFTs.
Anyone should be able to suggest things that need doing.

Position it as, we got the land, the deal was we all need to come together and build it out.  So we should use the metaverse and the dreamcatcher as the way to communicate what needs doing, and coordinate between groups who want to do different types of things.  So we can put together some base proposals and work to get some initial things in motion.

## Metaverse as catalog
Make the metaverse a place to showcase homes, let users chat with the catalog, and see different things laid out visually, cost auto calculates.  Metaverse acts as a showroom.  We can markup our services to make other islands or resorts so people can quickly pick catalog items.  Mfg can pay to have their items put in the showroom.  Builders can experiment and do different layouts, then can have impact calculated on neighbours and others.  Sale of the software tooling can boost island revenue.

Investment, or purchase of assets that go onto the island and benefit it in some way, should be presented in the metaverse.  Being able to have beautiful still images in high rez of future plans, progress updates, etc - helps greatly with advertisement.

## Game home base
Use the assets and the NFT integration to allow other games to base on top of this one - have honourary worlds where they use the island as the world level.  Do shared deal where our players and their players combine somehow ?

## Project planning
In 4D, we should show how different configuration options will be chosen, and how parts will arrive on the island, so can show how the construction will occur.  Show the parts of the building being assembled after having been dropped on the island by boat.  LLM can do optimization of scheduling to find the best outcome.

Make a simulation of the DAO and the rules that were chosen, and show how it develops.

## Dreamcatcher simulation
Using ambient attribution, we can ensure people aren't fighting with each other to make sure they get a fair cut or that they don't overpay.  If we can show STC moving around the island, people can understand what the future holds for them.

The DAO should be in continual simulation mode in unreal, and people can play and share different outcomes.

Products and services should be sold in there, and the simulation impact be assessed each time.  Different vendors can offer different things, at different prices.  Different services can be bundled with it.  Missing services or things can be turned into Stucks, which is things we wish for, which would enable other things.

These imaginary pieces allow us to simulate with incomplete answers.  If only we had a house that weighed x, or if we had the price at y, then these things would occur.  If we had a mortgage service, then we could do y but the mortgage has a trigger of z so we need to find z.

Then, for missing things, we can gather commitment that can be used to trigger - like 10 people need to put in 10k each, then its on, so the DAO can be used to coordinate all that.

This simulator could be sold and other peoples problems be simulated in it, charging them building fees, which makes the whole thing better as we improve it generally.
## Website on Dreamcatcher
"who is involved" should show stateboard of the people in the project.  As discussion progresses, different people show up from wider and wider networks.  Basically citizenship plus registration means you're in the DAO, and if you share your profile, it can be spoken to by others, and you can get a summary of the contact.  Can only be contacted via AI proxy until they allow you direct comms.
"where is satoshi island" show a navigable map, show some unreal stills, and show how to download the game.
Questions about finances should be able to interrogate the DAO book-keeping.

Satoshi Island can be our first experimental social network.

Automatic internationlization.

We need a structure that can act like a public company that people can invest in because a future profit target is being worked towards.  Like the resale of DAO software, catalog marketplace cuts, other reasonable places to charge reasonable fees.  Then if people want to invest, they can purchase shares, which we can raise on and use to fund development.

## DAO being multilingual


## 3D threejs loading of models
If the metaverse was built using unreal, then we could extract model units, have the geometry and info tied to them as blockchains, and allow an inbrowser loader to manipulate and interrogate individual items.  https://threejs.org/examples/#webgl_loader_gltf_avif can do some great looking stuff in browser.

## Listing contributions, impact, plans and needs
The island has to be built by the community - that was always the plan.
We need a registry showing who is contributing what, what it is costing them, the impact of it on them, and the impact on the community.
Showing what is pledged, what has been given, what stage it is at, helps spur on more contribution.
Showing what is needed and what the potential impact is also useful.
Allowing people to invest in things that have a certain impact on the island is useful too.
## Virtual Office space
Have a DAO that you can start a new project on instantly, with shares, currencies, DAO voting.
We shield the project, and a charge is levied on revenue as insurance, which protects all, since if one project gets sued and dies, all projects die.  Plus defense is expensive, and the risks all the same.

Have registered physical addresses and bank accounts all round the world, which can use for physical mail, other types of compliance.  The central DAO holds the compliance rights, and takes on the enforcement of that, then all projects benefit.

If you pay to expand the capabilities, like get compliance certs done, then you get a royalty whenever anyone consumes that service.

## Procedural scene generation in unreal
hook up NL commands to the scene generation tools, so can ask for more trees or less trees and it generates them.  Wave the want and have the procedural controls be applied by NL for you.  Could almost mine the app to train an NL in feedback from the app.

Can focus on simulations into the future, where we model say, the production of modular homes, and show the costs and impact of those.  Then we show homes from other sources coming in, and a range of blending between the two.  Lets us explore and have automated accounting figure out the impact for us.

## Construct homes on site
The best way to produce the homes is inside the shed they have. Barge the raw materials over, use local workers.  Use CAD to map out the construction requirements.  Allow highly digitized workflows so that builders can go thru all the details of the design from afar, rather than being to the island.  The highest investment is in time and travel to the island, so we should specialize in highly custom digital local builds, using local labour and paying into the local economy, using untaxed local materials.  This will be faster, cheaper, and benefit the locals more.