
>[!tip] Created: [2023-09-20 Wed 12:06]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

The current realm of contacts and opportunities is signals for overall desire, and should not be individually treated as rare or special.

Building the smart contract should be done with SM, using the modified statechart.  This statechart where possible should be hooked up to the UI.

OneOffice was about self sovereignty and provenance.  

Our LLM model might be chargeable, so we can charge whenever people use our models.  We can provide the models and have them run by a trusted entity, so we never see the data, but charge per call.  The GPU costs alone mean we can mark up this base cost to pay for software.

Apps are going interfaceless, and we can lead that charge by having a framework is natively pluggable into an LLM interface to run the app. 
The app is modelled as a statechart, and then executed by self sovereign chains, then an LLM can plug straight in.

So our focus should be on a framework to build apps that takes less code, has self sovereignty built in, has provenance by default, including the provenance of the software construction, 

Each individual customer query can be modelled as an NFT, with the LLM being a solver, then the QA being either a more expensive AI or an AI + human that oversees things.  Disputing the QA is a form of exception raising that is super useful to train on.

We can start by ingesting peoples email servers to know if our solution would have replied correctly.

We would never train the LLMs on private data, we'd use a base model, then add an embedding for a users private data.

We might choose to charge for access to our LLMs, but all the code is open source.  The LLM is like a human - it needs maintanance, guidance, retraining, etc.  The GPU usage is expensive.  Charging for access seems fair.

Imagine being able to have a conversation with the health system, and not once get transferred to a different department.  Be able to connect your own apps up to your health system data.  Fill out all the forms for you automatically.  Gossip with peers about wait times.

Marketplace for apps on top of the data platform.  Running these apps guarantees that you won't have your sandbox broken out of, since we get the same guarantees out of a browser window.