
>[!tip] Created: [2023-01-12 Thu 09:26]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Arrange requests and ideas for the stores, projects, and the DAW

Store can be used to share your own private music collection of mp3s, and share them to others.

Work out how to do licensing where you can sell them to others and you get paid for transmission and archiving.

Store is for publishing consumable items, ready to use, no assembly required.  Can be used to request items not present, or request changes to published items.  Can auto publish to spotify or tidal or youtube or a range of other locations - so like hootsuite but for music publishing.
Components store is like npm, but for purchasing and requesting
Projects is what backs both stores.

distinction in the store is that you own the content that you purchase, and you can import your content from other sources.

AI Copilot by highlighting what choices the AI would make next after you have clicked a button or taken some action.  Subtle hints at what is likely to happen next, to help beginners get up to speed.

AI scorers to give your music some feedback quickly.

## Video Editing Suite
System would work well for video editing, where the storage and rendering costs can be substantial, so an online DAW that can handle unlimited file sizes, can scrub quickly, can encode faster than a single computer, and that you can pool your company's computers into working could be good.

Locally cache by hash, pool your nearby peers as content providers, have a local server that auto crawls things you're working on.  Backups are easy and deduplicated.  Remote access is easy.  Shared collaborative editing by default.  Publishing to stores is integrated.  Plugin requesting and installation of peoples play / test plugins is easy.  Marketplace to get plugins tweaked or added for you is available.  Easily fork projects, go back in time, merge in only parts of someone elses work.  Payment for editing work, payment for adding effects.  Integrate with AI processors, rent complex pieces of software based only on your usage of them.

So drawcard is high performing software cheaper, with greater convenience of access and collaboration with others.

Very good for advertising where you do not care how many people see your content as you want it publicised a lot.

Hash media files on the frame boundaries so we can retrieve them in sprinkles but they still be useful for scrubbing along the timeline.  Enable cluster encoding / transcoding so that this takes very little time for editors to complete.

Selling point is that editors spend less time waiting for results since the high capacity cluster does the work at 10,000 times what their workstation can process.

Demo by going into a business, loading up a browser, log in using phone scanner of QR code, upload a media file from disk, load up laptop that we brought in, instantly be able to scrub it, then on the laptop or workstation, re-encode to different format rapidly.

Provide a dropbox style filesystem so their existing tools work with the hash based content.  Hash based on scrub boundaries, so system feels fluid.  If use our editor, integrates tightly with this filesystem assistant, and can avoid using the filesystem altogether.

Dropbox provide re-encode services by right click.  Or a plugin for popular video editing to do costly operations in the cloud.