
>[!tip] Created: [2023-04-03 Mon 10:58]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Make a hosted service that receives websocket updates from openseas.

Converts the openseas api into chain events that can be consumed by other chains.

Model NFT collections as chains, and make these models public, so this model gets updated by our web services, and shared, so that anyone wanting to interact uses this same model.
Tolerate multiple parallel views on an item state.
Watch the eth pool to see when transactions are entered, so we know first.
This state is represented by a reporter, and can allow the object to be realtime aware.
Reconcile multiple views, like txpool, openseas, eth blocks.

Get chatgpt to create images based on reading a packet description.  Charge for this service.

Allow purchasing strategies using our service so they are realtime.
Take in work to build strategies for other people.
Allow subdividing NFTs so that multiple people can put in bids on fractionalized NFTs where we manage the fractionalizing.

List our trading products in the openseas marketplace or some other api marketplace, so we can get paid and get commisioned to build extensions.

Merge multiple NFT marketplaces so writing for our target api gives acess to merged views across all popular marketplaces.

Put our work tokens up on polygon or something cheap so that the jira board gets automatically NFT'd and traded, then auto listed on openseas.

Can allow us to attach additional data to a given NFT, eg: land NFTs which can be wrapped with the extra data in our chains.  These NFTs could have some hash data inserted into them which would bond them to our chains, or they could be transferred to a contract that is controlled by our chains.

Buy sniping - as soon as something is listed, grab it.  This work could tie in with SILD, and can help both build a portfolio, build an API marketplace, demonstrate Bus utility.

Eth contract that can interpret signatures from our chains as tho they were multisig wallet signatures in Ethereum.  Can be linked to Eth wallets that have a large staked amount - basically our consensus would require signing by Eth wallets that hold a certain amount and can be slashed if Eth contract is provided with bad behaviour from a validator.

We can make a global marketplace by acting as intermediary for all existing marketplaces.  Difference is that we are running on a chain itself, so we are in effect:
1. Swallowing all the offchain marketplaces via their APIs
2. Wrapping all the gen2 chains to trade more efficiently

Finally, we start to insert our own items directly, without requiring any other chains or corps.  We can then insert these items into the existing chains and services using our connectivity.

Primarily, we need an ETH bridge, so we can connect seamlessly to all the ETH compatible chains.

Starts to fulfill our place as the middle way, connecting all, using surround and absorb.
Only need to get up and running using a single validator, to prove the programming model.  Can build up a wide range of useful services using a centrally hosted system, then branch out to a public chain with shared consensus after that.  Just resell AWS hosting and S3 storage at a loss at the start, to show operations.
This ecosystem bus operation promotes our usage as an internal enterprise service bus, by acting as a service bus between blockchains and closed state ecosystem services.

Stake money to sell AWS services at a loss, with gains to the stakers paid later, after adoption is more widespread.

Watch the stream for mistakes in offers - auto spot arbitrage - see when an offer has been made for something and some existing sale listings meet it, so go buy that thing and instantly sell that other thing.  Arbitrage with NFTs seems different to normal stocks, as computation needs to be higher.  Could we trick bots that are doing this operation into buying, then rapidly withdraw our offers ?  So buy at market with good liquidity, list high, offer even higher, withdraw offer when buy enters the txpool or is streamed out on the openseas websocket stream - race with a high gas price.  Offers are not auto accepted it seems.

Allow offers to be made for specific attributes in the system.


Is NFT trading a good place to insert the Dreamcatcher ?

## Securities
Offering an NFT that has royalty streams attached if you do the work is not a security, since you are investing labour.  Only people who have done work can invest money in it, or, no money at all as you need to pay devs directly.  If you benefit directly from the work, then you can invest money ?

Micro securities, where the volume in question is so small that the SEC cannot afford to chase it down.  Each one pays a small fee into an insurance pool that covers legal defense - so SEC has a very small dollar amount, plus a very large defense cost.

Funders must earn some revenue from their own usage of the code before any other re-use can be claimed, else this is a security, since the profit came from the efforts of others.

## NFT trading tools
Know what drives other traders offers such as their recent activity and their buy price, so we know what their general sentiment is
News flows and twitter reactions / discord reactions at announcement time
Map with other news flows
Auto offer beating - but can you auto drive up your own offers by self purchasing ?

## Strategies
With small volumes due to rarity, a different game needs to be played.  We could set a trading target, and then be market makers - making and taking so long as the target value is met, so we would pick a long term gain, and then make money dampening the oscillations around a certain value.  If trying to build a portfolio, then if the price is too high we would sell since we believe the long term price is lower, and if its below our target we buy.  Use sniping techniques.

Target individual traders so we can estimate what their strategies would be