
>[!tip] Created: [2023-01-11 Wed 13:32]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Discussion with @rexmondo resulted in this document:

## dMusic

### Design

1.  Store: like spotify, but for music generated on this platform
2.  Packages: like npm, but for software components and content components.
3.  Editors: like PD, but natively distributed GUIs that are designed to be native to this platform, like have the store built in, packages insertable from a single click
4.  Projects: like github
5.  Attribution: for each consumption on the store, attribution is paid out instantly to all the components that contributed, proportional to that contribution
6.  Plugins: ways to provide the platform content to existing tools like ableton live and fruityloops
7. Social: at all points, all actors should easily be able to connect with each other and chat freeform, meet up, be discovered by each other, publish, and even perform by live stream, possibly coordinate concerts.

### Problem

Music is a distributed activity,

Build the entire DAU in the browser

Benefits are:

1.  Ecosystem that is not connected well to itself
2.  Online instant hassle free setup
3.  Profoundly easy to use programming model for music
4.  Learn faster, as can see how others are doing things
5.  Tools do not get in the way of collaborating, as this is collaboration first
6.  Extensible with new developments easier
7.  Online collaboration across physical boundaries, like google docs for sound editing
8.  Realtime discovery of similar works - copilot for the DAU
9.  NFTing of content
10.  Massive distributed sample
11.  Introduce into novel platforms early, like VR
12.  Large wiring diagrams can overload a single computer, so being able to distribute this programming can have benefits to the user.
13.  One click store 

AI generated music is coming, so we can attach that into the platform natively.

Must be offline first.

Really want a royalty stream of the products of the DAU, not just revenue from selling the DAU.  Make consumers closer to being artists.  Involve you in the story of its creation a little more.

Extends the AGPL license terms of the DAU out to the content made with it.

### Initial Primitives Required

1.  Recording buffer, to take audio in from the outside world
2.  Signal rate buffer to in playback information from the outside world
3.  Abstration of a synth: convert playback information into sounds
    

### Initial tests

-   Save a .wav file/audio buffer on the platform with a link to the source program that generate it
-   Playback a .wav file/audio buffer that is stored on the platform
-   Load stored audio buffers into packages to process the sound
-   Feed control rate signals into packages to automate processing the sound
-   Store control rate signals on the platform
-   Allow store to point at some chain of buffers and control signals that form a song

### Formats/Components

-   wav file - uncompressed samples of sound from a sound input/mic
-   midi - signal file - old standard
-   osc - replacement format for midi that encodes time information better
-   What does a “song” look like in “view src”:
-   A collection of audio buffers, probably empty, with sound generation devices outputting to them
-   A feed of control information into sound generators
-   A layer that muxes all the audio buffers and normalizes it for output

### Store

With a focus on peer to peer hosting, this store seeks to make consumers active participants and revenue sharers.  They can indicate what changes they want to music, fund music that is not made yet or derivatives of existing music.

There is not banned copying, there is only a different automagic royalty calculation.  Copyright is used to ensure that consumers pay, but the payment is dispersed based on the components of that version.

Each song that is purchased is steganographically fingerprinted so that the consume is linked to this version, so that when they share it, others that pay for it because they shared it will be paying this valet a small portion too.  This encourages promotion by consumers by rewarding them for it.  All songs are versioned.  
  
Deeper discovery due to source analysis as the discovery algo, and in fact discovery algos that can be packaged up an selected by the user.

Two kinds of store - consumer store (listeners go here), and the art store (where supplies come from).  Samples store where modification is encouraged and paid for by the provenance application.

Charges are accrued based on number of times played, vs a flat rate.  Playlists earn money too.  Censorship resistant because its run by the fans and the artists without central control.

### Projects
Being able to store, share, and fork projects is critical.
Artists must be able to store their existing projects there without any friction, like fruityloops.
From the web interface for projects, publishing to the store should be single click.
A replacement for github that suits audio professionals should be included also.
While we are attempting to make our own Editor, we must support using existing editors.
Perhaps we could allow different projects to interop with each other better than they interop with each other.
  
### Packages

Distinction between sound processing and sound content.  Interfaces must be well defined so that components are visually wireable together.

### Notes

2 layers to an audio program, audio rate (AR) and signal rate (KR) where the audio rate is too fast for a computer to process directly, and so the computer uses the control layer to instruct the hardware the generate the audio layer.

Concert with 1,000 cellphones all recording the performance being processed into some kind of AV model

### Dictionary

Compose

Performance

### Actors

Consumers

Artists

Software programmers

Payment gateways

Escrow agents
