
>[!tip] Created: [2023-04-17 Mon 12:51]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Provide an api for making calls out to IPFS.
This acts as an effect hook, and coordinates many nodes to all go fetch the pieces from the IPFS network.

```js
const data = await interIPFS( 'QmVQEFQi81SSbZaezrm78p333EGeYzfEZyvCnX848KaMCw' )
```

This suggests a counterpart that can send to IPFS:

```js
await interpushIPFS( someData )
```
This will 

Optionally we can contact one of the provided service chains to push and pin this data:
```js
const api = interchainApi( 'someChainId' )
// or use our already included services which is in our contants file
const preloadedApi = getIncludedIPFSService()

const hash = await api.pinIPFS( someData, { duration: '9d', redundancy: 15 } )

const someData = await api.fetchIPFS( hash )
```

So to provide an IPFS pin service, there is a minimal API you need to provide, and then you can include whatever options you like on top of that, like how much edge caching you want, if you'd like to have an account billed.  Payment would be handled by registering the chain you are running with them, which would be thru a separate interface somehow.  Payments can be in whatever the service will accept.

Basically we can start to build out tooling that makes it easy to talk to all different types of blockchain node in a way that does not need any cloud infrastructure, but starts with using our versions of infra.  People can run their own service chains, and can aggregate between them all.  Each gateway can charge its own fees.

Offer auditing for being DRE compliant, in that we sampled your operations and found that everything we sampled did attribution payments to the complete trees of software that were used.

## Whitelisting of service chains
We should include some default whitelist services, which always are consulted before connecting to any external chains.  Breaches will be reported there first, and good practice is to check with these services before making any calls out to them.  For extra security, make your call, then check with the service again, so that you can rely on the result that came back.  The whitelists hold the latest hash of each service chain, so you can know if you were included in something that passed whitelist verification.

Whitelisting would check that DRE attribution payments were made correctly.