
>[!tip] Created: [2023-04-06 Thu 14:14]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Is it still a security if what is being bought is ownership of the code ?
What is being purchased is the right to license the open source code as your own license ?
If revenue comes in for this component, then it goes back to the funders ?  But this part could be a security ?

A distributed enterprise.  No one party is responsible for profits.

To pass, you must participate.  That is, use the code produced somehow, in some meaningful way, like deploy the instance and use it regularly, sell usage to someone, write the code / check it / scrutinize it.

Is it enough that you are required to accept the code as complete, as this is participation ?  You have the control to reject the code - timeout to comply passes to QA arbitrator.  Whilst you can nominate an independent QA to do your assessments, this power is always yours, you have the final say, the QA is not related to the workers, you can switch out the QA.

If we gave you final say, and made dispute / timeout different to QA, then is it not a security because you have final say whether the money goes in or not ?  QA can be called upon if you block or refuse to acknowedge completion ?

Should be enough that you COULD dispute the QA outcome, and that there is a time period for you to do so, which means you have reasonable control over the project, since you can choose what items money is spent on, and you can dispute that the work was done satisfactorily.

So as long as participation thru ability to reject work, to select from a range of work options, and to demonstrate competency by way of some test to know what code is being looked at, we can take on funding that feels like investment, but is not.

## Howey Test
1.  An investment of money
2.  In a common enterprise
3.  A reasonable expectation of profit
4.  Derived from the efforts of others

Or we could just register as an issue in the USA ?  Or in Canada ?

Selling a license to use a particular software, and then offering a cut of future earnings provided you demonstrate actual usage means that it wasn't purchased primarily for the profit aspect.  Setting up your own bot to try fake usage is also not our fault.  Using the public blockchain where credits must be paid as a way to ensure it is legit usage, since it would cost you every time, can guarantee that it is not a security.

Easiest way by far is to be actual registered securities.