
>[!tip] Created: [2023-02-06 Mon 11:23]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

If you want to gamble, we offer a fair game, educational materials on how probability works, simulators, and an open API.  We thoroughly verify that children are not playing and we ensure people can afford to lose with proof of a higher deposit.

If you still want to play, we take your losses and we reinvest them in startups, which you can choose, where we vet those startups for quality, and yank funds based on poor performance.  Some of your funds go into the gambling float, which handles payouts when gamblers win.  This earns you money each time money goes thru it, so you do start to get your money back over time, but you cannot touch it until time has elapsed.

The deposits we require to prove you have funds can be used for anything else you like that isn't gambling, including small stocks investing and other things.

You cannot withdraw the phoenixed winnings directly, due to regulatory restrictions, but you can gamble them thru again, and you can withdraw anything you win.

Despite probability, people still choose to gamble.  By offering the best possible option for these patrons, we can avoid them being preyed upon by exploitative operators.

All our pools and services are API based, so others can set up operations that use a whitelabel version of our services.  We control what happens to the funds, in that they go to a venture pool, and we control that quality of the available ventures, but nothing else.

Some of these companies can be zero liability if the profits they earn come entirely thru our network rather than using fiat.  

Could view a stockmarket as a game of skill of others - whilst the payout is determined by the environment plus skill of the actors, the person making the bet is entirely at the mercy of the honesty and transparency of the actors.

Give addicts tools for assessing any gambling site as fair or not.  A way to record their activities using agents that route api calls thru, and a way to compare with each other what their experience was.

Is it still free if you put money into the backside pool, and play against yourself ?

## Extras
API based playthrough to allow investment with guaranteed thruput.
Invite other projects to pass scrutiny.
Trading of the securities.
If project reaches significant decentralization, then the tokens can be publicly traded.
Generalization of gambling
