
>[!tip] Created: [2023-02-27 Mon 09:18]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Split in 3 sections
1. The tech
2. The attribution / company policy
3. The network expansion of services

## Tech
Intro tech with a vm, snapshots, and how great are they.
Show git history, talk about how great that made things.
Show a tree of snapshots, show a tree of git - talk abour how the application should look the same.
Offline first as fortification against climate change, lowering of costs, access to markets previously blocked due to poor connectivity (eg: africa)

## Software defined company


## Universal Object Model
Internal models induce externalized costs.
Externalized models allow nothing to hide.
Inter company communications greatly enhanced with a shared object model, rather than systems with inate incentives to keep closed, or else the developers cannot charge rent.

## The future is free
Software in a company is a liability.  The software should be fueled by a portion of the markets that it enables.  As ethics infectiously spreads thruout the supply chain, eventually the devs are due a fair payment, particularly as they supply the software that tracks fairness.  This does away with the need for software fees enforced by secret IP.  This change is coming, 

## Our raise
Raising to acquire companies with existing revenue.  Replace their staff with automation, resell the automation.  Turn each company function into an elastic service, resell the service.  Kick out the IT company to replace with light touch external OpenIT, trading pointless privacy for low costs and best of breed solutions.  Increase the revenue for the company directly with better service to customers at lower cost, acquire more of the competition that do not have these advantages.

