
>[!tip] Created: [2023-05-26 Fri 17:05]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

DAO as AI

An app framework that could be reconfigured by AI

Voting that is soft - it isn't yes or no, but the ai effectively talks to everyone, hears what they say, and groups what was said.  Can split groups out so they can at least all cooperate in their amalgamation.  Vote by figuring out what everyone thinks, and weighting opinion, plus bouncing off everyone as novelty develops.

AI allows customizing general advice for your specific situation.

Languages where you chat with other people but by refining ideas rather than general free form discussion.

Take everyones novelty and try mix in your own, to solve your problems.

No comms except thru an AI.  AI speaks as tho you were there even when you are not, so people can tune their message or ask you questions.

Grinding out the expected interactions of all the AIs all the time, learning what the overall outcome was.

AI lets a large number of people speak as one voice, with power weighted voice.

Tweet builder that knows the rules and edits you made in the past, elides a group of principles you want controlled, and measures out what the engagement rates are.

Rules builder where you read a bunch of stuff and figure out the rules that the person or group had in mind - discover the inconsistencies.

Digest all discord chats and learn all the rules and answers that people gave, also diagnose who the biggest contributors were.  Present the key concepts and weights as levers that those with vote power can configure.