
>[!tip] Created: [2024-02-28 Wed 15:06]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Cold start we need to create a session for the user.
Whatever they do while not logged in should allow them to transfer over to a full user.

We can require them to log in, and have default logins for initial setup.

If there is no session, we need to create the initial session.
To migrate to a logged in repo, we would copy it over and splice the branch on the receiving repo.

On initial screen, we need a different screen that shows the first session being created.

What is the command to find out if we have a current session ?
list branches ?
get the io from the root, see if any open sessions are included.
If no sessions, then we should start one, provided there is a .io.json file there.

The sessions can be named, but it must include the action number in it ?

Browser should always store some kind of id in it that we can check.
Blank browser is handed an anonymous JWT that is used to identify it and recall sessions it has started.
Blank sessions are just a copy of the HAL repo, which is lazy pulled and periodically synced.
Each user is represented by a ULID, which prefixes all their repos ?
When they log in, this gets mapped to their user account

A new session is an action on main.
To find current sessions, we could use the 'children( { depth: 1 })' read function, which would look for branches that were N levels deep.  We can store branch heads regardless of the backing store being pure kv or memfs.

Fresh tab with no identifier.

anonuser - generate a JWT for an anonymous user.

Store the sessionId in the url, as query params, so refreshing the page loads up the same session again.

Each watcher is implicitly bound to an isolate instance.  So it is responsible for assembling what it needs each time ?

If paths never include the user, since that is stored in a different context, then query params can be used to show the path to whatever file is being watched, on whatever PID, and other params, like commitish that was being watched

So we would do the PID by path, and then file paths as query params

If branching was a top level command, then this is akin to running a daemon.
Branches can be named whatever we want.

A new session should provision something so putting actions into it means something gets executed when it begins.  But, need to return and then keep running.