
>[!tip] Created: [2024-04-26 Fri 13:22]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

each repo should have their own key assosciated with it ?

ghauth service would let only one repo at a time authenticate.
It would restrict only user repos to be able to do the authentication.

User should be a fork of a base repo, so it is lightweight, with each user being a branch.  So if the user is a branch of this base, then the github auth service will consider it.  If a new branch auths, it kills the old one, and triggers any hooks that were waiting to be told when auth changes occured.

So to provision the system, we init the user repo, and the ghauth repo into the db.  Those pieces stay with the system, even after upgrades, since they are their own repos.  The user can create new user accounts that they control, and can endorse them as being logged in as tho they were them in github.

HAL would use the user service of the platform, which given the PID of a branch, it can check with the ghauth repo if this particular branch is authenticated.  Users always connect using their home branch, and they route all their actions thru it, as tho they were it.

The access to the user chain initiation service should be the same as accessing any service that offers itself to the outside world.  In this way, artifact can be used to host any kind of app you like.

Once they interact with HAL, it can interact back, driving actions for them, like an intelligence boost.
## Provisioning
Create the home repo, which is compatible with the github auth service.
Create the ghauth repo.
Attach super user to a specific github login.

The super user is the home repos first user, named with a standard name.
anon is the second user.
Then every user after is a random number.
Without provisioning, the session creation steps will fail.

HAL is cloned, and is configured to only allow the hal isolate to run on it.
Users then begin interacting with the livened version of HAL.

## Session creation
client generates keys
contacts the session start endpoint
user is assigned a new branch of the home repo if the key is unknown
they can start interacting with HAL using this branch
HAL recognizes they are an unauthenticated user, and restricts accordingly

User wishes to authenticate
they send a request into the gh service


instantly, all open tabs should be upgraded to authenticated
start a listener to watch the auth status of the user ?

User opens a new tab
Session keys are generated and stored locally
The machine key is fetched from the sharedworker / localstorage
the machine key endorses the session key
new session endpoint is hit
user begins doing whatever they want


User wishes to deposit some funds against their account
they go to the stripe service
they go thru the oauth loop
they send a request to the stripe service to pay in some money
once it occurs, the stripe service holds their balance, and decrements from it when platform services are incurred.



User presents master key and session key to the createSession endpoint
User is always granted a session
They get passed back the PID of the github auth service to watch their auth status
User starts watching the file path in the github service to learn when their auth status changes
this should be watched from a sharedworker.
When they want to start the auth loop, they send the request in, destined for the ghauth service, which sends back the github url for them to go to, and sets the redirect url for that service to use.
The user page navigates to that url, and upon completion is redirected back to the ghservice externalurl.
upon completion the page is redirected back to where the user last was, sessionstorage kicks in, the page is restored, and the user can now carry on the session they had with HAL but now they are authenticated, so when they try do auth actions, HAL will allow it

