
>[!tip] Created: [2024-12-16 Mon 21:32]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

have a piece of code that dictates how things can be changed, so it forces an allocation table of funds, and a deallocation table.

stucks as a json object somehwere, doesn't matter where, since that can change.

Given a new stucks-map, contrasting that to prior stucks mapps, and recieving the current headmark, for which we get punished for switching too much, and maybe get argued with, or at the very least have to justify ourselves, then it will chart a course to the new place.

It allocates funds against the stucks, and deallocates from ones its funded prior.
Over time, these amounts build up.

Then each of us has a stuck hunter tool that tells us what the best thing to go do is.

Start to talk about cmd as our boss, who is wounded, and we need to restore functionality.

Pose all decisions as what they would choose.

Badges for doing things, like clocking out for the day, clocking in on time, attending the project meeting.

Periodically, check each transcript, and check against the current state of information.  Check the patch list for that conversation, or add to it, if the info in the transcript is wrong, or outdated.  This way, we ensure we didn't miss anything.

Can we run the commander on the actual filesystem, using just the pure filesystem implementation of the napp cli ?

One of the goals or the commander is revenue - this might not be a stuck, but some other type of metric which is used in decision making - these are like motives.
This means that whilst there are a great many things we could build, and we should track all the ideas, we need to chose somehow.

So doing something like realtime voice features doesn't get us to the CRM faster, and doesn't get us initial subscribers.  It is something that could be added in to the platform later, altho it is not a napp, it is part of the front end base platform, so is an important difference there, but making different pieces of core infrastructure costs us money and time, which means we miss out on some other thing, plus we have maintenance costs to go too.

Also don't build things that will just turn up if we do nothing, like having o1 in the playground vs building our own version.  So only do something if we absolutely must have it, and waiting won't get it for us.

Tracking the ideas means that if someone else asks why we aren't doing a certain thing, we have a good answer immediately.

Maybe my topics for discussion should be auto derived from scrapping my commits for the day.  So just the diffs for my notebooks would be enough to get a short list of questions related to project mgmt ?

Another goal is to be different from the frontier models, so ensure we are not working on things that get squashed.  To do this, the commander needs to have a working theory on where the industry is headed.

We really want to be the place where the change happens, and our infrastructure is the only thing that stays constant, no matter what the change.  Our infrastructure is laced with ambient attribution, which isn't a token, but is a way of value exchange.

How can I get a prize from the commander ? like a medal or a badge of honour ?  Could be like new ideas, deviation from plan that paid out, good soldier, early starter, etc ?  These should have cash attached to incent the behaviour we want.

If we define what the name is of the type of rule that makes new rules, like a subprocess in the commander, then we can shout out to it.  So then rulechecks / transforms run each time, and then maintain key generated files.  So the terminology of the commander needs to be very clear, and in realtime it should question when we used a confusing term out of whack.

Modes:
Name game - we should have good rules around how to choose names for things, and it should pick us up on using words that are not well defined, then police us for that.  Not just when broadcasting but also when we are using the system privately.

When making the commander work, I need to make sure that it can track things like meetings, availability schedules, duties schedule, things to do with coordination, those types of things. It should be able to tell us availability, when the next call is, all these kinds of actually high admin things that take discipline, that are easy to see, but hard to record and calculate off of.

The essence of any task is just start, duration, location, name, participants.  Can deduce the rest from that mostly.

Seems the commander can be steered by drilling into a particular topic hard, with questioning and reasoning - instead of telling it what to do, ask about a topic and drill in to it with thought provoking questions.

Should be able to just drop down voice commands about what I'm doing, like radio in, plus it should sniff what I'm doing from commits, so it keeps my progress updated, and it forecasts what remains.  Knows about things like deployments, looks are past histories of projects.  Basically does the math constantly to estimate how long remains on the project.

Project time seems predictable now, if we just have say, 5 restarts, then we can say that one pass all the way to the end is x, so max time is 5x.  Then we go about getting to the end as quickly as possbile.