
>[!tip] Created: [2024-10-11 Fri 11:55]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Our system is designed to take in and connect up any range of conventional services and AI services. This is intended to use AI agents to help you leverage conventional data, conventional software, and whatever new AI tools come on the scene. And so, integrations with a range of products like AI video generators, that allow us to showcase how we can have the parallelism there. So that, provided you have enough credit, you can sit back and generate a range of options that can be worked on in various forms. So you can more rapidly approach the conclusion that you want. For example, making sweeping changes to a book that you're writing, or reasoning deeply about a prompt for making a video scene, along with help on how to break it up into different parts or scenes. Then we can additionally allow people to collaborate together in using these tools, constructing these tools, and signaling what new tools they would like. As well as people able to suggest new tooling as they watch people use it. And people to work together on shared projects, all the while making the data self-sovereign and accessible. Including payment options for people to incentivize each other and reward each other, and paying out globally for good actors in the system. The debugging is aided by leveraging the Git nature. That proof of existence is built in, so any new idea will at least be proven that you entered it into the system first, no matter what it gets used for after that.

Any new service should be able to be integrated independently of us because if we use the API gateway, people can offer a way to connect up if you have your own key, or they can resell the usage of their own key, which we can split between. Searching for a good price and acceptable policies, plus we can run it with the guarantee that your data won't be leaked to the owner of the key. This means that you can get up and running much faster with a Dreamcatcher than if you had to sign up for the individual services yourself, manage them, get a paid plan. It's really just a place for a library of APIs to come together. In fact, the OpenAI agents that drive the system are just API calls in themselves, built and managed in the standard way. So what we do with all the API calls is just mark up the cost that they charged. This gets used to pay for attribution to people who participated in making them a reality.