
>[!tip] Created: [2024-10-15 Tue 18:30]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

? How would HAL be a napp ?

? how would the agents be in a single napp ?

Or, should each agent be isolated out ?

So HAL is just a wrapper, and it can select from a range of other napps, including the nap finder.

It runs with full access to the users filesystem, like the bash shell.

getting passed files is the same as getting passed a file reference.

Getting selection ranges is just an expansion of the prompt.

Some direct functions are just calls to the exported tools on the hal napp.

A new thread is just a new branch that reruns the HAL napp.

Each HAL would be running in a stateful container, so they mutate the filesystem.

The prompt is just the nl  interface

Should the selection in a file be sent as text, or as reference to the file, and the selection range ?

The napp is readonly, so while it is running it cannot be modified.  So it always runs based on a single commit.

Many napps could be published from a single repo, so a napp publication is a commit, a pid, and a filename to the directory that contains the napp.json file.

Editing a nap and running it at the same time is just modifying the directory contents and then re-executing.

The invocation of the users prompt is always done from a commit, unless the specific upgrade path is given.

The users filesystem does not include the napp, since this is under the napps repo.

The users filesystem could include symlinks to the napp they are running ?
Use a special key like @self to reference the napp that is currently running, so we can reflect on ourselves.

Seems no point in making multiple agents in a napp - you probably could, but you shouldn't, since the agent should be tested thoroughly.

Nested napps, which can be referenced by path.

## Problems
- SM needs to be able to work on his own isolated versions without messing with the main repo of agent