
>[!tip] Created: [2024-05-21 Tue 15:59]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Use image recognition to compare chart patterns.

Extract the visual charts of different candlesticks and at different zoom levels.
In parallel, compare them with known charge patterns.

Tool to let you paint and area / areas that match a pattern you're looking for, and then have the machine spot other patterns like this in the dataset, highlighting them live, then you go correct it to help add the training data even more.

Checks it at different zoom levels too.

Problem is when we try turn the raw numbers into something corresponds visually.

If we skip that all together and use pure visual comparisons, we might get better results.

So its looking for image similarity scoring based on a number of examples that its seen.

Each new frame of the image goes out to arbitrarily many comparisons with the example frames, and some scoring is determined.

Should be able to make a traders workbench where visual theories can be played with an backtested on the fly using vision.  Then we can start running these bots to make actual trades.

Ultimately, with enough gpu, we should be able to determine our own pattern matching automatically, and trigger trades when well known visual patterns are occuring, since we have good confidence about what happens next, and we know how to capitalize on it.

Also take into account certainty percentage - if we are very certain, place a big bet, if low certainty, place a small bet.