
>[!tip] Created: [2024-04-29 Mon 10:51]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

New browser, new tab, comes to the static page.
browser generates an id for itself and stores it.
Using this id, browser initiates session start.
a new home branch is formed based on its browser identity
without github auth, the request to the githubauth branch returns unauthorized


Once it has passed authentication, this browser identity is



Browser with an identity comes back and tries to attach
session with an identity comes back and tries to attach


User branch


User is modelled as a branch, since a process more accurately represents a user than a thing.
Hopefully these decisions can be changed, since the CRM is just data and interactions.

CRM session chains for users.
Before you can use the CRM, you have to get the CRM to create a user chain for you.
Only the user can do this, and for the user to be able to call this function in the CRM, the user chain must have a github auth, must be on the allow list.
Then the CRM makes a branch representing the user, and allows the user to start new sessions which can be communicated from.
Actions start by pulling in from main branch, then executing.  As a daemon, we are always out of sync with main branch.


CRM customers coming in to the self service portal
auth provider would be the crm itself ?
or, an email auth provider that sends a link to an email, to verify the email is valid
this would relate the master id the browser made with itself to the email address being presented for portal access.


Daemon tracking branch, where each time  a new action comes in, or out, the parent branch is merged in, with its files taking predence ?