
>[!tip] Created: [2024-03-29 Fri 11:31]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

5 - 12 steps of how we're going to start the DAO initiative.
First 3 steps
Socials EOM update

1 paragraph - DAO simulations

from the beginning till when citizenship holders can log in

Talk about how attribution works - helping to develop the DAO means attribituion for any contribution, however small.  Recorded on chain using IPLD data structures - IPLD being the tech underneath of IPFS.

Simulation and extrapolation is key.

How to hold a town hall meeting efficiently with lots of people present - maybe use mic'd up technologies.

Having multiple instances is crucial to reaching consensus, since we don't discard anyone at any point until we have reached the greatest common ground between all participants.  We must take care of future participants that haven't joined, haven't been born.

We can make resources have a voice, like the ocean, the land, the soil, and other diety like aspects, which can all take part in the chat.  These resources are conversation in nature, since they respond to different inputs, but our LLMs translate those outcomes into natural language to make it more easily comprehended.

Are you a coder ? start contributing here
The rules are in Natural Language, so anyone can understand it.
Crucial to be in plain text.

I think the best game we could ever offer in the metaverse is playing with a simulated DAO, either by yourself or with some friends.  That is a game with purpose.

It is also an endless game - even once we get an operating DAO that is in charge of some stuff, the future DAO is always theoretical, and is always gamed out before being committed to.

So prizes and things can be set up for playing the simulator from a certain start point and scoring a certain outcome that we all agree we want - the community can put up prizes or we can source them ourselves, but the point is that instead of playing something contrived, winning improves the island, the prizes are money well spent on those improvements rather than simply marketing, and the players get immersed more in what it means to be a functioning contributing member of the DAO

A good first example is "get Deny's modules onto the island for under $5,000USD" or something, and the prize is $500USD.  Its actually mind-blowing what people come up with when something is posed as a game, rather than a boring logistical problem

  
"The DAO Initiative is now in progress, initiating our requirements gathering phase. The upcoming release will introduce DAO simulations accessible to NFT holders, providing an interactive platform to explore diverse scenarios in community life on the Island. These gamified versions are designed to rigorously test the coherence and functionality of our DAO structure, guiding us toward a version capable of managing increasing levels of autonomous control."