
>[!tip] Created: [2024-05-06 Mon 11:49]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

With auth, we would require the PAT, which is held by the github auth repo.

When something wants to clone, it needs to be done by the parent that is commissioning the repo really - a repo cannot cause a clone to go into itself it seems ?

Pull can be done into something with shared history.

We should always make an artifact branch that is for execution, so we never change the base branch.  When we want to commit to main, that should be an explicit action. 

ghauth needs to have create a branch to store the auth and interactions of a particular user.
So when it does the auth loop, it results in a branch that stores the PAT in the fs.
When an authenticated actor makes a request to do a clone of a url, that actor would supply a PID and the url ?  The act of cloning creates the repoId, else permissions need to move with the request somehow, and clones need to be blank at the start.

We would do the clone, then write down the parent repo.

GHauth service should take actions from any actor, not just authenticated ones.
Or, if a service knows they do not need auth, can just hit gh directly.

Anyone can clone if they have side effect permissions and access to the git fs ?
No, since gitfs is one layer below the filesystem presented to isolates.
So api is the only place were you can access those functions

So, you generate a pid, which inits a blank repo, then when you hit clone, so long as it is still untouched, it wipes the fs and uses the url given to clone down something.

To clone into yourself is a self destructive thing.

Really you should never be able to clone into yourself - you should only be able to create a child that is a clone, and get back the pid of that, as a side effect.

A clone is somehting we would talk to the host about doing for us, so it should come via the api, and it should be an accumulation, since we want to not do it twice.

It should be intercepted by the system, and it should be blocked from having anything else by the api talk to it.