
>[!tip] Created: [2024-10-20 Sun 14:23]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Craft me a nice, polite, and brief summary paragraph, or paragraphs, just keep it short, where what I'm trying to say is that in regards to our partnership with OpenAI, oh by the way this is for a WhatsApp group, we're all friends, it's basically laying out a strategy, so in regards to the OpenAI partnership, we feel that we are very close to having a functional platform that can be used for all of the utility that we had dreamed of, which would be an amplifier of our individual effort in the realm of at least doubling, sometimes tripling, what the response is, and so in this case we think that a partnership with OpenAI actually delays reaching that point, and we put forwards, I'll attach an image later, we put forwards that actually focusing on getting this amplification factor up is the most important thing. We can then come back around and collect the OpenAI partnership if it's still available. The other thing that we want to keep in mind is that we do need a company vehicle to be able to host startups at very nascent stages, so if they don't have a registered entity, we want them to be able to use the Dreamcatcher, the company structure to effectively start trading and enter into a partnership such as OpenAI, be able to charge credit cards if they're commercially orientated, be able to have legally binding agreements, find the resources they need to get jobs done, sort of like a flash mob for labor, all those kinds of things. So if you guys, this is me addressing the other members of the group, want to get on with setting up that structure, then by all means proceed. We can offer some feedback on the requirements that such a structure would need to fulfill, but I think it's largely up to you guys to define that. The caveat I would add is that once we have this amplification factor for our own personal work, the effort required in setting up that company goes down. However, I don't think that going through the work to figure out what it should be is ever wasted, and the amplification factor on that kind of work seems to be at best maybe one and a half, two times. You can use our existing platform to use the O1 models to do reasoning about certain designs and get feedback. So in light of that, my opinion is that we hand over the company formation process to you guys. We'll step back, keep scurrying away, and see how that plans out.
