
>[!tip] Created: [2024-10-21 Mon 10:16]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 


- How to work on a napp before releasing ?
- Once satisfied, how to release ?
- Should testing be external ?

Should the tps reports be a standard structure, with a version, and so you can produce them any way you like, 

? how to split out all testing in artifact to call on napps ?
So HAL is a napp that has a long running git repo.
? should we move the users to be their own repos ? and then the napps run atop the repos ?

? how to invoke a napp ?
Pass it a triad that points to a folder with a napp.json in it.
Then, we need a system action "install napp ?"

So we might have to remove the ability to call any tool on any branch, and instead each branch has an installed napp, and you can only call tools on that particular napp.
Or if you install many napps, can bond them to sections of the filesystem ?

Rules:
- the exported tools are what is passed in to your natural language agent
- one napp per purpose - the package cut lines are the same as the object cut points.

Passthru of another napp functions means you can refer to them in your tool spec.
Should the runner be a napp ?  We just know how you want to call it.
The config will be specifically for the napp runner based on what it exposes for you to call.
Is it having a default function call ? like a main tool ?
So chat would be optional to provide, but main tool points to the tool that is being called.

We need to shift artifact to be an entirely napp centred running environment.

So for the test file runner, these napps would include the isolate and the napps they depend upon.

? message history - how to pass along the state of prior calls ?
Would the chat just send back a specific text output, but it would write its messages to the filesystem.  Then if you want to call it with history, then you pass back in the commit that you want it to start from.  So every function call also has a commit to start from.  Start afresh means use the commit that the function call came in on.

Function calls always have a commit, which is the starting state of the system.  This should encapsulate branching somehow.

Publishing to jsr:
Have all the napps in a folder, some might be unpublished, publish the main one to jsr with all the files of the others included.  Then redeploy artifact with reference to all the jsr packages we want to include, so they are included in the deployment.  This will work for probably a long while.

Napps with peer packages should be easy, so you can have them broken apart as much as you like, in any folder you like, but published pulls all that with it.  So the napp can be very small, and can be a range of napps, but all we need is an entry point and it points to filepaths that identify other napps anywhere it likes.  The napp may not be in a folder by itself.

We are merging the isolates folder, the agents folder, and the tests folder.

Napp validator checker, could run thru a napp.json and confirm it is ready to go.

Making a general purpose json based function network.

Expose zod validators so it can be faster than using ajv.  Our publishing service could also supply ajv precompiled schemas, so things were very quick.  
Basically packaging should be kept the same as 

Could the runtime of the napp be a napp too ?  It just gets run in a prvileged frame.

compressing packages is bad - they should be left as git commits, so they can reuse data amap.

Message analysis and debugging - by allowing each napp to be mocked, and to trace the function calls of each one, we can rapidly replay any application.

So a napp computer is all that artifact supplies.  For each individual, they run their own napp computer that they pay for, and can connect to other napp computers.  Identity is simply figuring out what keys they have, which then grants them access to their napp computer.

Logins are a napp we run, with a front end, and we who are trusted by the napp computer can insert your untrusted machine keys into the napp computer so you can then interact with it directly.

Supply a napp that knows how to read names into context, and have an opinion on them, so that a builder can chat about a napp.