
>[!tip] Created: [2024-01-08 Mon 08:21]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

might need to register the io objects in procman using symlinks so that the format is always assured.  Else what would preserve the format ?

The procman is a form of git commit trigger.

This is what makes the io file special, in that it is registered with the procman.

?? where is the right place to trigger the procman ?  in a commit ?
After a commit seems right, since io could have come in from anywhere.

Piercings have to be committed before acting on them, else we can't know what we were starting with, so cannot reproduce in some cases.
Internal actions do not need to commit, as they could have kept going indefinitely.

If the proctree was the actual channel files, then where they got placed on the filesystem can be the symlink.  Could just use a flat PID system to track them all ?
Putting them in a specific place seems best if we ever want to cut that piece off at some point, which means the actual channel should be in the location it is being used.

The procman can be an LLM for some of its work.  As long as we have defined what the boundaries of action are, and when commits occur, we should be able to operate the complicated parts of the machine as an LLM.  This is in effect, running artifact using artifact.

Purge the queues immediately after each call has occured.  Make a function to show which inputs and outputs were included in the previous commit, and then surgically remove them.

procman should be a tree of files that simply registers a path as being an io file, and holds a flag as to whether it is settled or not.
Writing to an io file is only allowed if the procman was updated too, and if the 
io files need to be in specific locations since we can scope their locations to the directories they are in.

If an io file was directly and solely in procman, would that be allowed ?

Why does io need to be so strictly schema compliant ?
Because code won't run otherwise.

To allow the LLM to alter the IO file directly, add a write hook where if it writes, it runs the schema checker on it.  Convention can be for a shadow file of \[name].schema.json or similar, the LLM will call the schema verification function on it.  Each write, the post write LLM fires up, and goes thru all the rules of the system, having been fed all possible relevant files (for speed) like schema or triggers.

Can actually do multiple isolates before doing a commit, so long as the io channels aren't tampered with in any way.  So a command to delete a file would need to be committed first, and then the delete occurs.