
>[!tip] Created: [2024-05-20 Mon 16:19]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

If the consensus layer allowed changes in the repo without an action, then we could simplify operations a bit.

So long as the changes were allowed, they do not need to have an action representing them.

Like creating a new user account, this could just appear, and so long as the rules were followed.

So the user requesting the account talks to system, and system returns when its done.

If it is a far away hosted app, what then ?
It would need to have allowed the home repo to connect with it, and it could have an action in its root maybe ?

If you can't read the remote directly, then it becomes an accumulation that seeks to idempotently create the session.

querys:
1. query base for existence of actor pid
2. if not, ex to base to create actor + session
3. else query actor for existence of session pid
4. if not, tx to actor to create session

Where is the hash of the queried item stored ?

Or just assume the session exists, and only create it when the actions go in.
So instead of denying the action because the PID is invalid, because its coming from identity, the recieving app can set flags, and so the request goes straight in.

So we'd start watching using splices, which would initially be empty.
Our actions would be sent in only when we have something we want done.
We can invent the session id any time we like.
When the system goes to send these requests out, then first check if the pid exists, and if not, do the actor creation process until the pid does exist, then pool it.
Or wrap it in a drill down action.
Defer the pooling until the pid exists.

Or make it the terminals responsibility to create the pid.