
>[!tip] Created: [2024-02-10 Sat 15:38]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Dispatch occurs in the cradle.
It gets turned into an action, and put on the cradle queue.
It is opened and processed by one of the direct functions in the artifact isolate.
This in turn calls the io class.
io.dispatch contests for headlock so it can commit the dispatched action into the pool.
Once it has been written successfully, the headlock is released, and jobs to run the serial processing are put on the queue



The problem is that there is only a single queue, and it currently is held by the artifact isolate.  So we could wrap the functions into

Dispatch is really only commit, and then this triggers other functions to start operating on the committed items.

The question is, should the commit process then go and execute everything in that commit ?
- Makes things a lot simpler by removing:
	- one more type of queue in the system
	- lock contention to commit reply back in
	- taillock to execute serial processes
- has weakness that it will suffer under high serial load.

After commit, it would keep hold of headlock, and do all the execution serially.  Meanwhile, we could be missing chances to spawn new processes to tackle more load.

Could make a runlock and a headlock.
Grabbing the taillock means you are taking on the role of running the io.
As soon as a commit has occurred you can vie for this role.

Each commiter could attempt to get taillock and carry on, until their commit was removed from the execution stream.

We could include further functions on the artifact isolate to handle these additional queue functions ?  So they would be called with the isolate interface ?  This should be the same as a loopback call to ones own self.

? Does it actually need to go thru the queue ?
Parallel definitely needs to go thru the queue.
Serial could be run by the committer who tries to get tail lock and then writes things.
If parallel is going thru the queue, serial may as well too.
Plus the isolate needs a full CPU turn, not shared with all the other invocations.

? is calling the isolate interface the best path forwards ?
Otherwise we are wrapping the queue.
We could not expose these functions in the api, making them inner.
? how would the isolate call itself, on chain ?
this would be a call to the loopback pid, which is a special predefined address.
If a function isn't in the API, should we be able to call it ?