
>[!tip] Created: [2024-02-29 Thu 15:30]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Use as core identity so that all participants can act with confidence and trade and collab rapidly.

Heartland bank - make it so that when someone comes on hard times, the members of the bank can see what's going on and make individual choices to help that person.  It is their bank, each depositor decides what gets said, and so they can choose to extend special rates and credits to different members.

They should get paid back by AA, so if things go well, they get rewarded.

Means that the bank can stop being heartless, cruel, and purely profit driven.
All its members can get involved in every decision and choose how the money is managed.
It basically extends the banking license out so that everyone can act like they are the bank.

The ultimate in liquidity providers, where you put your money in and it works for you, plus you can say exactly how.

Members can make mini groups that do different things, like pure profit.

They can get things built using swaps and trades rather than purely money.
Tax is due on these trades, but if they form a collective, then the trading is internal, so seems hard to tax, since internal company movements are never taxed.

All profits come back to the participants.

Start as a money transmitter.
Fundamentally, we want to test that:
1. Can we be compliant, and reduce compliance cost and increase speed using AI operated compliance
2. Do customers prefer interacting with an AI bank
3. Will 3rd parties provide apps if we give them a platform and revenue model

So AI compliance means that when there is a compliance issue, we are solving it with programming, rather than with human effort.

Induct new customers by using openbanking apis to control their existing accounts.

Ideally we want to manage online shopping, services, job marketplaces, dispute resolution, all within our network.  Banking provides identity and payments.

Trading, in shares or anything, using our platform as the basis for trying theories, back propogating, describing the theory in NL, collaborating with others, raising shared capital, getting bots certed using built in safety and stop loss.