
>[!tip] Created: [2024-06-09 Sun 11:57]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

The primary social experiment is the dreamcatcher.  AI generated attribution based on contribution.  Good social experiment since it is always done badly by people, holds up iteration speed, requires significant AI generation.

Self sovereign data management for all impact projects.
Demonstrate clean extraction of user data from any project.
Platform to share logins and data between multiple projects - find us projects that haven't build a user base yet, and we'll integrate it.

Show how fine tuning can be used to get good at attribution between project contributions.

Secondarily, consensus of agreements - reconciliation - first in DAO, then for oil and gas.

Development of DAO software on Satoshi is a good use case.  We cannot have a usage directly, we need to do something with it.  The software tools that build out our platform for the purpose of use in smart city management is a good starting point.  Governance and voting being the very first, as well as treasury management, planning.

FullSpektrum needs some platform tools, but they also have a direct deployment path.

Make some project management tooling that openai can use to track and report on their progress.  This is the same as the DAO tooling.

Measuring the flamefront of progress in a unified dashboard, showing progress to unite all efforts.

Impact crystals where impact of multiple projects is measured.

If we can attract smart people to our cause, and that helps openai, then good for them.  Brains absorbed means enemy can't have that.


? Written into our articles of incorporation ? hire only on character.

Conflict resulotion model, where it knows how to negotiated, and walks people thru reaching resolution.

Key link between self sovereign data and attribution model is that we can get data on the models actual usage.  Without the fair attribution being applied to all the ongoing contributors, we can't improve the model that much.  Critically, supplying data to be trained on the model earns you permanent contribution place in the model each time it is called.

Need a dedicated model so that it cannot be swayed - gpt4 treats impact as a subjective thing, and so it doesn't have strong views.