
>[!tip] Created: [2024-01-28 Sun 12:23]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

If artifact runs server side in deno using esm as well, then we can avoid having a package json completely.  Then any app that wants to use our systems could run it using the url, or we could use esm as the bundler if we wanted a nodejs package.  But why not just use deno, anyway ?

Bundling sucks.

If something was already bundled in its exports, then we shouldn't have to rebundle it just so we can publish our thing - the original source integrity should be maintained all the way thru until consumption.  Plus multiple sites cannot share bundles if the bundling process marred them all together - they should always be pulled in independently.

If we can import the files direct in the browser, why bundle at all ?

If deno fresh can be deployed to edge with no build step, then so much better than current pipeline, with bundler issues, import issues, and lack of pure source files.

Having debuggable files in the browser makes things much easier to work with, particularly since we are doing hard things in the browser.

Esm can bundle straight from github, so we might be able to bundle straight from artifact ?
We can bundle up isolates into github locations and then load these using esm to get them into the browsers ?  The hardly need to be dynamically changed in the browser.

So we could move to just a pure static page, with a deno api ?
Routes could be server side, to handle callbacks and other interactions with systems.

We actually don't want to be stuck with a github actions deployment workflow, particularly if we are on deno deploy natively.

If we were on deno deploy, and that is where our long running tasks ran, rather than in the browser, this is more permananet than locally hosted runners.

We do need to take gpt4 calls server side anyway, since cannot expose our API keys, and need to allocate costs against a particular user session.

Everything that runs in the browser can run in deno.  So if we target the browser, we are inadvertently targetting deno.  Relay thru esm.sh and we should have something clean and easy to work with.

What if we had just a static page, and a deno api in the backend ?

The thing about deno deploy is that transpiling jsx is done JIT.  Which is ideal.
But now we no longer have a static page.
But if the jsx components were very simple, and had url imports, not npm imports, then we should have very little issue or bundling.

Plus with esm, we can tree shake in browser.

Could just pull in the plugins from fresh saaskit ?