
>[!tip] Created: [2024-07-12 Fri 12:46]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

scroll thru little snippets of interesting information.
swipe right to see more like that, left to see less.
popular ones amongst peers bubble up.
you can ask deeper questions, which can generate more interesting snippets, which can earn you royalties back from everyones payments.

Can queue up some topics I want to learn about, like linguistics.
Can be periodically quized on these topics using multichoice swiping.
Earn credits back by getting tests right.  Failures go back to everyone else who sat the test.

swipe direction can do some automatic questions to dig deeper.

Could make media snippets that are standdalone, but are fingerprinted.  Means that you aren't stuck to a specific platform to use the media - attribution systems track who is due for it.  They can be released with a standard dreamcatcher license, and then people just pay their dues when dreamcatcher is used to consume it.
If its advertising, the more people that see it the better.

Can generate flash cards of interesting things curated by other people, generated by AI, where you can dive right in with follow up questions.

Flash cards or swipe cards can be used to educate staff.
Staff can frame hypothetical scenarios to the system, and then tweak with lots of different similar things being generated, so they can understand how the system works, and what they are expected to do.

Could be long running tasks that you haven't thought about in a while.  If you swipe left then you don't want any other niggles and want something fresher.  We should be able to figure out what you like quite quickly.

Map out the mind, abstract reasoning, history, categorization, maths.  Then see what areas we want to focus on, and what areas we are having good progress in.