
>[!tip] Created: [2024-05-02 Thu 18:33]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Home should be installed using a signature generated hash, so that it doesn't matter what engine it was started on or is accessed on, consumers can always verify that it is the authentic home that they wanted to use an

Same can be said for other critical services, like dns.

Home as a courtesy can provide a directory of common chainIds so everyone can find what they need to get started in hash space.

It should really be the hash of the first commit that contains signature information.

So a cloned repo from github would not have a chainId in our space ?

Or, just use the first commit ? trouble is that this doesn't really distinguish a unique path at all.

So a pure repo cannot have an id until we commit something to mark it?

It needs to be something that starts the ability to ensure that what follows is trusted.

It could be an unbroken chain of gpg signatures since we know that can't be forged ?

In the meantime, a repo needs a wrapper around it, so that without consensus in it, we can wrap round the outside and give it uniqueness in the system.

SO THEN we can ditch the account/repository part of the system naming ?
This should be stored in the config of the repo, and doesn't need to be anywhere else.

The addressing of the system need only cover a chainId as the root of trust and a branch.

The owner should be specified in the config file as meta.

Also branch names and consensus is not available on them, so that presents further incompatibilities.

The repoId is what uniquely identifies a consistency boundary.  Consensus rules apply within this.  It can be forked, but to make new commits using a new consensus system results in a new repoId.

One repo can accept a PR from another repo by doing a merge and then signing the merge in their own consensus mechanism.

Issues is that initializing a repository requires a pid to write to, but the first commit hasn't occured yet, so we can't set it up ?

We could use a temporary random repoId while it is being formed, and then at the end, write a pointer that maps the chainId

The genesis commit is written to a random location 
The genesis pull is written to a random location, and if a secure repo id can be extracted, it is then stored as a pointer to the rando.
These pointers are long term stable, and so can be cached upon first read.
Can be written is as part of the .io.json as soon as this value is known, to make it quick to look up.  Or, keep it separate, since the inside should never know about the outside, as it makes it less portable.
Should be optional if a consensus team wants to stamp the commits with a watermark, meaning they cannot be transported around.

This value would be the seed of the pid and should be included in the original commit ?

Or, after init, we can copy all the data over to the new PID location and delete the other one.
From that point on, the PID is genuine.

Or, nasty nasty, we can use the fake id all the way thru until we have some way to verify it :shrug:
