
>[!tip] Created: [2024-04-30 Tue 12:14]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Ignore the cookies, and only bother with the pubkey of the machine.

Snip a machine when its session is revoked

We need a check flow, so the machine session, once unauthed, is immediately rejected.
It should recognize deauth, and start a new pure machine session.  The PID would have changed so it is not valid

Pierce reading should throw with unauthorized error.

Should technically be its own subdomain which is used for chains that are gateway enabled, and can receive inbound requests.  We can emulate this for now by placing under the path `/github/*`.

We would ideally have a single oauth endpoint for the network of nApps, and this login is a common good, so that anyone who publishes a nApp does not need to do any auth of their own.

So can we make a standalone nApp with separate hosting for this purpose ?

Auth flow takes a machine ID and assosciates it with an ActorID.
The ActorID is revealed to the machine via one of our auth providers.
Which auth provider you use depends on what your apps what to use.
Due to the high forkability of apps, adding in extra providers will be pretty common place, so all popular paths should be covered.

When a machine is upgraded, HAL needs to upgrade the existing sessions of that machine.
HAL could watch for upgrades in status within the actor chains

startup:
- machine generates keys and stores them, or recovers them from the store
	- starts proving the keys to the server, buffering all other requests
- session is created using a ulid, or read from the store
- if no use account was stored, we are at the unauthed PID
- session begins activity with the network, as the uauthed PID

Upgrade ID Flow goes:
- browser determines it is time to auth
- browser navigates to the signin url where we add the machine pubkey as a query parameter
- in the nApp for github, we write the pubkey and assosciate it with the session id that was generated
- then we redirect them to github
- github sends the browser back to the callback url
- we then assosciate the PAT with the machine key
- machine branch is moved to the user branch
- send back the new PID 
