
>[!tip] Created: [2024-05-09 Thu 15:53]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Could it be that the request toggled, in that it was something, become something else, toggled back and that triggered an exe ?

But exe should never trigger unless it can be actually executed upon ?

So if there is a whole bunch of requests, then some are pending accumulation, 

The error is definitely a genuine raw request is firing off TWICE.
Twice kills it, since buffer is not the same.

Another test is the origin action is the same, but there is nothing further to do.
So if there is something in the exe cache, then you MUST have something in the accumulator.

How to know when an exe has been triggered ?
How to ensure that it only fires exactly ONCE ?


How can we force this error to occur ?

Under what circumstances can this happen ?

If the exe commit hasn't made it in, and a pending request comes in, then maybe ?


possibly it goes:
pierce1
acc1
pierce2
acc2
BUT before acc2 is solidified, acc1 returns
then pierce1 is the latest request


So should we mark what has been transmitted, so we don't get flicker ?

Flicker is when the executing action goes pending, the next action is executed, a reply comes for the one before it, which then executes, then the prior one becomes executing again, even tho it WAS executed, but its exe hasn't made it back into the pool just yet.

This could be exaserbated by inserting shuffles and delays in the pooling execution, where we randomly delay pooling.

So a solidification should mark a request as being executed, so that it never gets run twice, no matter what else has happened.

Since it is always serial execution, is it sufficient to just hold the current executing thing ?
No, since can still cause flicker.

This execution should be the limiter in serial executions.
we need to pause on any further executions until the current unexecuted on resolves ?
When it goes pending, then we are allowed to move on.


This is due to the timing randomness of the queue.

So as soon as pending is set, the executed flag is lowered, in prep for pending being resolved.

If the current tip hasn't returned yet, we are stalled, so return undefined.
Store the current executing thing, and then when adding replies, only allow the next thing if this thing has been removed.