
>[!tip] Created: [2024-12-22 Sun 09:53]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

separate out the work that was done being verified, and the currency transfer to pay for the work to be done.

The speciality is that assets are traded to get computational work done.  The work is direct instead of being a side effect like in other chains.  It is fortified by its own external utility.  The utility is the compute done.

So the work gets done, and then as part of the delivery of the work, the next ledger state is updated and agreed upon by the miners.  They put forwards the work as one part of the transaction, and the asset transfer as the other.  They pool from other miners.

The submission of work may also propose a block or ledger state, but can just get picked up by the miners.

If multiple consensus algorithms were used, then they should coexist just fine.

The choice of algorithm for consensus doesn't matter, all that matters is that consensus can be reached.  

So the asset trades for work to be done can also be used to trade pure currency exchanges.  These would attract a small processing fee, but at the raw price of materials, like electricity, compute, storage.  The primary chain function is compute workload sales.

Then the chain itself has utility to the outside world, due to the compute it does, rather than purely how it does it, as in by consensus.  So it is like a cloud host offering, but is also decentralized, and can also be used as a transaction manager.

Being tokenless means it can run offline, or in netsplit, with no problems.

We would simply add some extra rules on to the state, like we only accept work from those who have staked against its accuracy, to some relative ratio.

The key is that we have to handle dynamic and highly rotating validator sets, where they are chosen randomly to ensure diversity.

So to be a validator, you must have stake and you must pass liveness tests, or be staked against liveness.

The apps must be able to control the consensus they want for themselves, like validator sets, thresholds, pricings - basically have an internal model of themselves.

> So basically with this AI tool, we should be able to survey the entire chain space, use watchtower to keep up, and pull in all the good ideas from the whole ecosystem, and implement them in a single place, plus show that we pay you to add a new idea, and we pay for the ones we ingested.

