
>[!tip] Created: [2024-08-02 Fri 06:08]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Along with the rules of the system, we might need to indicate what the next actions when you're in a particular entity are.  The result will be different each time, since the business rules determine this.  The entities are the nouns of the org, and the actions are the verbs.  Naming an action or process means we can turn it into a button.

Determining what can be done next is a more general problem, and once we have the list, in ranked order, we then should generate some buttons for it.

This would help with "what can I do next ?" type of questions.

This should build up something akin to a sitemap, since there really are only a limited number of things you could do.

Business rules could define common tasks that people would want to do in each state.

Mandatory buttons that are explicitly configured, so as part of the user preferences or site preferences, a list of actions that are buttonable can be maintained.
User created macros might be candidates to become company wide.

> This is the macro subsystem.

workbench tool should allow for generating mock functions, or modifying the function descriptions that call an existing isolate.

Button bot needs to be reactive.

Button bot can be the one that asks the helpful questions, based on the content.

Generate next actions based on what people do the most.
As their usage data increases, the choice of button improves.
Will also need ways to force things in there by way of manual tweaking.
