
>[!tip] Created: [2025-02-27 Thu 09:28]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Here’s an idea for making a way to present to a single client their application is viewed for multiple different actor types. For example, we may have one that’s a public-facing, unauthenticated page, a second that is for members, and a third that is for administrators. We should be able to have a set of panels down the side like how Google Slides has a list of the slides and as a button set of presentation slides (what we're seeing down the side is different app interfaces) and then how we would allow that to be used in bold is that we would lock everything except for the current targeted app that we're working on or the slide. In this way, we can narrow the context down so that we don't get any bleed between them.

Now, inside of each slide really should be viewed as though it was an iframe or some other kind of isolation mechanism so that things like modals that try to take over the whole screen work correctly. 

There should be a little config panel for each slide that sets and shows which user is logged in, and some other different options that we want to show in the current slide.  It's like storybook, but instead of being for components, its for whole applications.

It would be cool if there could be some kind of chat that went along with the slides so that I could rapidly provision the multiple views of the app based on some chat scenarios that I lay in. The reason is that I want each of the apps to share the same in-memory database instance between them, so that for example, if I change a user's name within the user profile, then in the Admin View dashboard I should be able to see that change name show up.

Inside of each app they might have access to some AI functions that are part of the app, but outside within the slide environment I should have some kind of a playground where I can view that overall data store of the complete environment and then I should be able to chat in some modifications to it to go through different scenarios.

These scenarios should be able to be saved somewhere in a scenario picker so that I can select them and have them show all the different app views in these different states. 