
>[!tip] Created: [2025-03-27 Thu 15:39]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

RFoF for control.

Better yet is a mesh relay system, where the drones are autonomous and return to base if jammed.

The close range means they can overcome rf jamming.

As well they could have directional shielding, so that RF from the ground is blocked.

Or, best is a laser pointed at the drone to give it instructions in an encoded way.

The drone could reflect back with a retroflector to send signal back.

Use boomerang drones for surveillance, build up a map, humans pick targets, drones go in and return if target has changed.

Could use disposable drones - so have 10 drones, one behind the other, following exact path as the lead.  They all relay the comms to the leader.  When the leader dies, the next one takes up the lead, so the pilot only experiences being transported back in time.

The price of this might be much cheaper than fibre optics.

Also the payload is multiplied, since can drop 10 times the ordinance.

Have set formation moves, like split, fork, what have you.

Split the rez of shots - send back low latency low rez, but can send back larger quality images too.  Some of these could have kill orders auto calculated on, as well as trajectory planning for balistic drones that once programmed with the latest terrain and the target rules, can fly in and do their job without any comms back.  It can also intelligently adjust once over the target.

They could be forked at any point, and multiple pilots take over.

Or, the leader could just highlight features and the drones go into auto mode to attack.

The good thing about jamming equipment is that it makes a good target, since it self illuminates.

If a strong laser was shone on a drone, and it used that as its power source, plus it could reflect it as its weapon.  It could use the laser for signalling too.  Signals back involve reflecting back a portion of the beam.

Highly accurate mirrors that reflected the view back to base, or at least back to a camera that could encode the view ?

What if the data back was object related, so the video stream was interpreted on the drone, then send back as object tokens ?

It should be possible with a relatively small swarm of drones (say 20) to defend against any incoming missile no matter the speed, so long as you can detect it via radar or some other system. The drones themselves could carry some of this radar equipment because they can spread effectively a very large antenna radius.

The concept is that each drone is loaded with high explosive and a slow but small-range gun that can shoot the wad of high explosive in a predictable arc. The whole idea is that when the missile is known to come, the drones will arrange themselves so that the missile will fly through them all. As the missile comes in, the explosives are detonated, the idea being that whilst the drone may not be 100% on target, the number of drones is what counts and the timing of the explosive being digitally wired causes the chance of a collision with the missile to be very likely because the missile (if going fast) can't steer and so there's this inertia that's on our side if we can drop a high explosive close to its arc and we can detonate it at precisely the optimum time. The missile has almost no way to defend against a detonation shockwave. The purpose of the wad being shot is to allow the drone electronics to be reused, perhaps through multiple shots.  It could be as simple as a slingshot.