
>[!tip] Created: [2025-09-14 Sun 14:52]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

if the TEE was thought of as just the thing that does the execution of the block tip, then we can be assured the calculation is always correct.

So the problem becomes, what should be trust as the pool data, and the last known commit ?

why do we need other notes to agree to anything ?
why can't we have just a single TEE?
If the TEE fails to operate, we just go from the last known piece of data ?

we could think of it like the TEE was being run by multiple different hosts, so the agreement needs to be only what is the next piece of data that we should run on ?

if there was a bunch of tees that were reponsible for saying what the latest hash was, and they cooperate to get a single TEE to run on the latest state ?
This makes it easier since all nodes can trust that the witness tees are giving them the latest view honestly, even tho they might have been tampered with or rolled back.
Then when you go to run, all that matters is selecting a host to run on.
We could run on any host, in parallel, and first one wins.  No need to wait for anyone.

the TEE means we can run it anywhere, massively replicated, and take any result that comes back.
So to beat supression, we can just run in parallel.  It just matters that the witnesses accept the latest.

The acceptance of latest seems the hardest thing, which is what we would build out the core service that stores this for you.  It can lock it to a particular image, so it can stay private, but holding on to what latest is seems critical.

If we could outsource how to reliably hold latest, that is a service everyone should pay for, since it seems very difficult to manage on your own ?

splits the BFT problem into two dimensions.
- what is the latest hash
- what is the next hash, based on that

it means you can't be lied to about the latest hash, just delayed.
computing the next hash seems trivially reliable.

the poolers, if separate, seem the place to have the argument about.