
>[!tip] Created: [2025-03-10 Mon 16:55]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

The concept of a smart object is treating any minimally intelligent computing sensor with internet capability as an entity unto itself, whereby it can be connected, piped, or otherwise processed by a virtualized computer representing it. This virtualized computer can have arbitrarily large resources available, making the compute independent of the sensor hardware. 

Now, typically we think of devices as something that is attached to a computer, and I think that's where the model breaks down. These entities should be treated as independent of how they are connected to the world computer. So if I want to seamlessly switch from being connected to my phone to connected to the Wi-Fi while still engaging in a conversation, then this switch should be seamless.

The hope is that this can be done to pipeline any device. It could include a voice clone, it could include an agent being seamlessly handed over, it could be anything at all. This starts to really come into its own in the concept of smart products where the insides of each product is a sensor or has sensors and they can all feed back their information about that particular instance of the product so that we can do product development with live feedback in the field in a much simpler way.

This type of system seems easily and cheaply able to be implemented in Fly.io, being able to share multiple connections between this option seems possible to enable very cheaply with fly.io by sharing connections and data between running containers, real-time notifications and real-time data streams flowing between the containers, which could involve low latency UDP and other types of transportation data. The hope is that this could ultimately be modeled as a distributed blockchain using shared resources hopefully.

So, one such simple use is that I could have a voice transcription mask that was considered independent of the computer it was currently using for internet connectivity. It could be able to store recordings stand-alone, so nothing got lost. It could also have its virtual representation in the great big world computer cloud that has its raw data as well as the pipeline operations (such as the transcription and other AI operations). It can then be connected to any other entity or any other program within the world computer, meaning that the ability to transition is much more logical and models things in the real world.

It can be tee'd, piped, and all those other things quite readily. 