
>[!tip] Created: [2025-05-16 Fri 13:00]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Make a jacket that has carbon fiber inserts as armaments. It should have the ability to heat using a battery pack and cool by ducting pumped air throughout. It could also use your motion as a pump to conserve energy.

It should be able to take a small amount of water, mist it, so it lands on your skin, evaporates, and then is exited using the air system, dumping water vapor that carries the heat away. If water is precious and evaporated, it can be fitted to the vents so that it can be recaptured if precisely monitored using light systems to measure the water on the surface of the skin. We can ensure that the user is always very close to dry, so they're never drenched, and ideally their sweat glands never kick in, so they're always quite cold again.

The pumps for motion and tension in the fabric can be used to move the water around, and the electronics are used for sensing and valve regulation. A high-powered dry mode could be used to blast air with the heaters turned on to rapidly dry the garment and the user. The user could be plugged into a high-power battery source or the mains, or just take a big drain that would rapidly dry it, whether it was being worn or not. If the garment could be held off the skin slightly by spaces, then it wouldn't matter so much if it was wet. Even if air was forced fully ducted around it, it would matter if the shell was waterproof or breathable or not, because we induce the breathability with the airflow system. 