
>[!tip] Created: [2025-04-07 Mon 10:00]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Registering a repo with a well known name seems feasible, so it can be shared around by name ?

A good mental model is to think of the public keys of the repo as the same unfriendliness as the IP addresses of the existing DNS system. In this case, if a user wanted to use the DNS system, they would need to configure a well-known public key as their DNS host or a series of them with fallback and different priority rules. And then depending on who registered with them that's where they would get their DNS registration or results from 

Should be able to handle conflicting results from multiple sources and have some kind of resolution mechanism and alert mechanism to suggest to the user that there is some kind of conflict. The rules that the user sets may be able to be updated on the fly so that their system behaves as the user expects even in the face of complex conflicts. 

This paves the way for the context-based or friends-based DNS resolution system where we can have these basic underlying DNS records for various things and then we can also rely on a friends network where friends can locally override something for their own convenience. For example, we all know someone named Mark. We probably know several of them and yet this is not really a problem around the world. We often refer to each other by the network by which they know them, like Mark who is a friend of John or some other identifying fact.