
>[!tip] Created: [2025-01-26 Sun 12:50]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Seems like everyone over a certain income level would be keen to invest in something to educate their kids, like in a forrest setting, with advanced techniques.

So maybe if we set up a proposal, we get enough kids to get the social balance and benefits of the school, and enough funding to get it going.

We have a quarantine area for sick kids, so they get better and rest.  Plus advanced diagnostics so we know what diseases they have, and can track the spread going to others.  

If the forrest was outfitted with cameras, and air curtains for warmth, and hot springs, and shelters of different kinds, and the kids had to tramp to get to the different places.

AI watching adn measuring, each kid getting  a personal assistant to help them with their AI lessons.

If parents could come and work in this environment too, either in a room, or in forrest with shelter and warmth and other modern things, then the parents can save the double trip required.  The parents can be part of the teaching group at sometimes, where they interact with the kids.

Lease some land to test the concept, focusing on the digital aspect, scheduling, costs, and child measurements.

If it was all made of prefab items, we can take them with us when finished.  Hot water streams and other things can be installed.

This could be dreamcatcher school, where the principles of the dreamcatcher, being open, are applied to the school, where anyone can suggest new learnings, all our anonymized learnings are posted online, and AI is reasoning over improvements, helping with scheduling, so we can be very flexible.  Kids could even camp overnight if we needed to.

Contributions are tracked, so parents can put effort and assets it, and it gets tracked.