
>[!tip] Created: [2025-02-14 Fri 21:39]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Git is incredibly wasteful on the construction of new trees.
each time anything changes, all the trees need to be recreated.

In pijul, this wastage is nearly non existent, and so the churn is incredibly much smaller.

It is also a massively more efficient storage mechanism.  It is very fast to store, but it lacks a quick way to rebuild a virtual filesystem.

### running pijul nest on pijul
Show the pijul guys how they could run the whole nest on pijul, with s3 buckets and very small amounts of kv storage for consistency.  Or use the s3 consistency modes to make it all be s3.  Then they have very cheap and very large storage, with large parallelism.  Plus people can run these things locally or in hybrid mode.

### ghactions
a blockchain is like ghactions but done really fast.  To get pijul nest ready for this it needs to be running on its own repo architecture.  Then these actions need to run on not just wasm but generally allow any kind of sandboxed execution.

### git virtual commits vs hard commits
Each pijul patch could be considered its own branch, and then we could represent the network of patches as branches ?
We can therefore make a virtual git version of pijul every time that can offer virtualized git commits.

### git as the underlying filesystem representation
pijul is best as the diff data / commit data, but it is cumbersome to rebuild a view of the filesystem since all the patches have to be applied, so git should be used as the underlying filesystem.