
>[!tip] Created: [2025-02-22 Sat 08:25]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

If we're both building a CRM under the hood, given how hard CRMs are, it doesn't make sense to both be trying to build this.

Monetizing customers, where a commission is paid to whomever signed a customer up to the network first is another means of revenue for companies.

If two competitors are signed up, they might complain why would I hand over my customer data and risk them switching to my competitor - if you don't, then switching back will be harder.  If there is now a 3rd competitor that joins the network, and you're still disconnected, customers will switch.

We are restoring the switchability in the marketplace that made it a market in the first place.

Also they would switch to that competitor if they offered a better deal anyway, all you'd do is slow it down.

Plus as all these other services come online, then there is stronger reason to be on the network anyway.

Makes starting a new business much easier, since already listed in this closed network.

Can trust the raytio data storage because of its not for profit nature.

But can also allow multiple raytios to exist, so long as they were compatible.   They would need to have the same ambient attribution systems, else they would be accused of being profit centric, and therefore corruptible.

Payment processor advantages, since we can process payments locally, or can allow a balance to be held with raytio, then we can keep the fees very low.  These balance holdings can be used to do highly efficient micropayments.

Hold all the private data, so that a fully on chain system can operate where it only holds anonymized tokens.  Raytio can periodically shuffle all the tokens around ?  Or, for independent actions, can make several tokens actually be the same one, so we hide the plurality of some actions.

If all the PII is stripped out so that a fully transparent system can operate, then we have no fear of data breaching.

Raytio could sell insurance to cover breaches, or offer it as part of the service.  No system is unbreakable, we are tested and certified regularly, so we can prove we are the best, but you can purchase insurance in the event that we do get breached.

The value of Raytio at that point is in the network, so if there was a transactional fee, then we could give the service away for free, which increases induction.  Now in the competition of CRM software, we are superior since we beat everyone on cost.

We keep the costs down due to a reduction in fraud, and the enablement of low cost transaction methods like bank transfers, or using internal platform credits.  We have excellent exchange rates, and we provide forward cover instruments for FX trading.

The network of customers is what keeps this thing safe. The self sovereign data, the switchability of all forms of control, and so long as ambient attribution is upheld, even the foundational providers can switch out.

We could offer a network that will build your crm for free, build your information systems for free, in exchange for a cut of the transactions that you earn.  So beyond shopify and facebook and stripe, who gave you ways to connect systems up using your own labour, or gave you a generic webpage based on their templates, we can give you the real system, that you own.  So it isn't just how to connect things up, its how to run your whole system, with agents built in, and be native for agents to use.  Plus with C* it can give you strategic advice.

Open source these efforts for maximal reuse.  This is the free* version.

Verifications can be shared by businesses, where they can earn reward for sharing info they would otherwise collect but keep private, like addresses, property location information.  

> Allow customers to easily coordinate between multiple businesses since they're all on the same platform, so they can all turn up on the same day, in the same window, the services can be changed by a project manager, or a pm can be an agent or hired in uber style.

The silo of information hurts the composability of services consumed by users, and the silo walls thicken due to privacy concerns.

Raytio is important because they cared about something philosophically correct at the expense of economics.  Also important since the economic incentive to keep raytio honest depends critically on ambient attribution, since fairness and honesty are paramount, and users need to trust the top level system.  It presents a huge value unlock for a reusable component in every single business.

Current identity providers do not deduplicate between business, and do not focus on the customer.  We would focus on the customer primarily.

Physics components are:
- PII repos
- user facing citadel promoters
- secure hosters
- secure executors
- software vendors / plugin vendors
- businesses
- payment processors
- verifiers
- offline operations / intermittent internet operations - payments, id requests, verifications

Benefits to businesses:
- no PII burden
- compliance assured
- hosting might be free
- cheapest payment processing
- new business (platform takes a cut of new business introduced to you)
- near zero charge backs
- fresh up to date customer records, with no maintenance overhead
- cross marketing inclusion (you do for them, they for you)
- free software development
- AI agent ready, so your services can be discovered and consumed by agents
- reputable baseline for how customers are treated using the standardized dispute resolution process
- instant realtime accounting

Downsides to businesses:
- easy switchability means customers might leave, but they were going to anyway, plus they can switch back if you win them back, vs almost no chance otherwise
	- show some switching stats and some winback stats
- loss of control of data / data access - the PII wasn't yours anyway, regulation is increasing, and a data breach can end your business.


Benefits to customers:
- customers actually hate having to call up a business anyway, so if this was all managed by an agent, that is significantly better


If we partner with courier and delivery services, we can offer end to end services, that are fully guaranteed and predictable.

Theres valuable subtle features, like if customers are in charge of their data, they can share it amongst themselves, and make group decisions, group purchases, verified reviews.  Business can publish anonymized stats so everyone knows the state of the business and the sector.
Transparent companies would be completely possible, since all funds and activities would be viewable.  So you can know how well a company is performing, and your agents can make decisions on which company is best.  Probably you'd choose the one that was being transparent.
More direct engagement with what the market wants, so more certainty in launching new offerings.

Top level, can chart the overall course of things, so people might choose companies that had a better long term goal, rather than being fooled by short term VC backed gouging to raise prices later.