
>[!tip] Created: [2025-03-01 Sat 21:41]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

We should be able to make a calendar that we can update just using voice updates or sending Whatsapp texts to. 

If we made a group chat, and then if one person was to send in a voice recording, the bot in the group should transcribe that and make the appropriate changes to the calendar. Basically, people are just talking about what they want or typing it in, and the bot is determining when the shared calendar is supposed to be updated. Everyone can see it when they go to a link because the link is in the group chat. They should also be able to see the events that cause it to be in its current state, and you should be able to go in there and manually edit it, showing who it was that did the edit. 

We should be able to recognize what events took place by the time and so we we would take photos based on them going into our group chats. Those photos that go in for a particular day with a certain time we'd understand that those were likely from the event that took place. We would also do some recognition to make sure that they looked approximately like the people that we expected and the thing that was happening. Those go into the collage to record what had happened on that day, and then those images are used as sample images for the future events to remind us of what's good about it and why we're doing it.

Calendar teaching is probably best done by having a movable cursor that I would cut out and move over the items, so that he understands how it moves. Then, I would add new printouts and updated printouts just underneath, moving the marker along each time. 

Using the cursor, we could make it align with a specific countdown that would allow us to track several events at once. So the cursor would have, e.g., "When is mom coming home?" When we move it over each day, the little hole that it makes would show the number of days remaining. This would allow us to understand a tally of days counting down. 

We could make a magnetic cutout, possibly with a hole or a transparent window to see through. 

We could do the same cursor concept from months where we have the days in one rolling stream and then we have the months next to it that roll through in seven weekly blocks. 

Seems like it would be good to allow the child to update their calendar using stickers or magnetic things, so they understand the significance when they put in or change a new item rather than just printing it on the printer. This could be as simple as cutting it out.

If the calendar was paper and it got drawn on it, it would be nice to be able to take a picture of it and have an update.

People make plans loosely on paper. We should be able to take a photo of it and have that update the more graphical visual calendar. 

Being able to also calculate a budget on the side of what these things will cost, which times are under pressure, where there's overlap, where someone hasn't had a wrist, where care cover is not provided - all these types of calculations would be really good. 

Ultimately, we'd like to link back to a service marketplace where people who can provide trusted services can be automatically marshaled and coordinated to help different families using this calendar system as their dynamic needs change. 

I wonder if a Cricut printer could be used to print onto magnetic laminate, and then these form the icons or the items that we layout on each day to make things be recurring. 