
>[!tip] Created: [2025-01-17 Fri 10:04]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

The interface for making reatime sensor data ubiquitously available on the platform.

The concept of sections within a continuous recording environment. So what would happen is we'd both turn on our recorders, which may have already been running. And then... We'll start an agreed conversation, like a meeting. That meeting. Simply has access to both these streams for the period of time that it exists. We can also do multi-layered meetings, where we can strip some information out that's private, so we can flick it to private mode. Which is off record, and then we can flick back into on record mode. As well, as we're parsing, we can determine any leakage of sensitive information. We can even patch the information with anonymized words, which are automatically generated. And so this presentation layer of what the meeting stream was, is patches upon the core information. And so the raw recording is shared in these chunks or blocks, which are often cut on speech boundaries. And then the meeting on top may use these items directly, or may modify them to redact them, or may cut them differently. Where it can then refer to an object by a range of bytes. There can also be layers that are direct derivatives, where some sort of processing has occurred, such as an audio cleanup. Or a compression step.

This allows one to take part in multiple concurrent meetings, effectively, which a form of multi person meeting ?  When each person comes back to talking to the other one, it is speaking to them and the work of their bots and your bots.

Make widgets like rapid wordstream interfaces on watches that can let you rapidly ingest streams of relevant text to load up your mind rapidly.

For DAOs, Make a clone of Riverside that is specific for DAOs and so members come in, they can join as audience or they can sign in as DAO members to have increased presence within the conversation. Members can set it so that only specific members can talk, particularly if that meeting was intended to be between only a small number of people. Guests can be invited. People can claim their identities later depending on their access to their credentials at the time of the recording. These records are committed to the DAO's history or dated provenance and so the record is immutable from that point forwards. Outcomes of that meeting can be put into the DAO's target list. Things to do, things to consider, votes that may need to be cast. If it suggests a vote and everyone agrees that that is indeed a vote, then the vote can be taken place right there and then. Thank you.