
>[!tip] Created: [2025-01-15 Wed 15:24]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Make a way to manage all the services we consume as a household.

Strike deals with local kitchens to be the ones to cook our food for us - show the cost of myfoodbag + chef.

Basically turn devo into a cloud kitchen.  Find the threshold at which little local deviveries work, as well as delivering from local restaurants too.

Integrate with POS systems so we can do local orders rapidly, as well as custom cloud kitchen orders, as well as handling other restaurant loads if they get busy.

Also act as a local stores cache, so all restaurants can use our local storage rather than their own.

Then pay someone local to come round and do cleaning, where we use an app to log their progress, and to allow consumers to take photos of what work they want done.  Then maintain a small group of locals to do these tasks, background checks etc.  Basically present as a reliable service, using in home services.

We can calculate the minimum base load required to start this type of thing, then learn how it works, then roll out locally to other areas.  Being open and attribution based, we should be able to entice others all round the world to set up their own networks like this, and we can learn from them, and collaborate to grow the businesses.

If we want to push in some areas, we can, plus we can let others do the tests, then we land with extra resources, and pay out the seeders but gain attribution for ourselves.

Basically, uber eats should be up the supply chain, delivering supplies on demand, keeping things fresh and storage costs low.  Rather than the individual losses of all the restaurants doing their own storage.

If we provided a rapid local store, then we could sell that to the restaurants.

This job management tool could be used inside many companies, like specifying jobs for workers to do for maintenance, as well as interacting with customers.

Do things like get the gps location 

Offers people the ability to do many things at once, like driver, fixer, all kinds of things.  More specialized than task rabbit, more broad than uber.  Provide project management and integration with other services like tradespeople.  Can get a project manager to control them, grant access inside the home, coordinate transport, and optimize the energy and time of the network, for the customers benefit.

Ideally all the customers would also be the workers, so you could do things for your friends to fill in and earn favours, rather than getting paid in pure cash.  Can also gift these things to your friends.

Basically AI first coordination system.

