
>[!tip] Created: [2025-03-06 Thu 12:48]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

Let's say we have identified someone who is very closely aligned to our technological goals, and we wish to communicate to them in the most effective way. Taking into account the fact that they would receive a thousand emails similar to us or messages similar to ours, and they would also be very skeptical when it was received. 

We also want to be able to have multiple channels reach out to this person, but we don't want to be guilty of flooding them in case one channel is dead. So we would need to have a plan for when we don't get replied to and we would need to do a liveness check, somehow how much channel is active. 

We could and should review their codebase and present a very punchy little summary of what they have done in a way that sorts of speaks to how we understand the struggle that they are going through and calling out some of the shortcomings that we think exist in the space they are choosing to operate and work in. 

And so we would have a campaign that was consisting of the message we wanted to get across to them as well based on our work and how that changes. And then also their work, plus their replies, plus the timing that we expect, plus the channels, plus we detect the tone in their posts and other such things. 

We're basically making an EQ model of this person, running some scenarios of how they might respond and choosing the most favorable option for us. 

At scale, this would start to look like a mining of the world's intellectual resources where we can recruit large numbers of people to our cause without having to manually go through it. This is in effect, our marketing plan, and each person who begins the process of recruitment can easily see the messages that were automatically generated, but they can also see the hand-combing or the hand-checking that went through it. 

Each time a human actually reads something and reviews it, this should be logged and stored, particularly if a human says something or adds something naturally. This will allow people auditing how things occurred later to at least not feel like they were handled by purely a machine and that some human somewhere put in some effort. 

It is perhaps this effort and the authentication of it that can be used as a form of currency or proof of work, proof of thought, proof of effort, so that the value of the communications can be appraised higher than something which was very cheap to generate in comparison. 
