
>[!tip] Created: [2025-04-15 Tue 16:06]

>[!question] Targets: 

>[!danger] Depends: 

we should probably just clobber the Names dir oid over into the main branch ?

In the main branch, whilst mw is operational, it is the canonical source.

So we would ban any changes occuring to the Names folder in moneyworks.

Whilst we could allow editing, it would ultimately get overwritten by moneyworks.

We could show the diffs between the main branch, and allow optional sync or not, depending on what we're doing ?

Might keep the top level dir object present in the browser and always patched ?
May use structural sharing to keep it light ?

Streaming the records into the browser ?
If shards was able to stream down the filenames, then we can at least populate the table rows.
But then we need to fetch each individual row,  ?

So we could send the request to the server and have it fulfilled there to stream down the customers that are most relevant ?
Or we could download all the customers to the local page, and then do the search there.

Table could fulfill each customer as it came into view, rather than downloading the whole thing ?

Server stream down the search box results in no particular order, and the front end is responsible for sorting them.  Sort is a special type of operation that can only be done once you have all the data, and so to do this incrementally can only be done on the front end.

Initially, we would stream down the file names, and they would come down in no particular order. 

Then each row item is individually requested lazily from the server. This also means that it lazily fetches other parts of the data like the geocoding information. 